
At first his wife cried because the house was so filthy, with drawings on the walls and bacon fat all over.
The houses being mostly built of a white conglomerate stone of shells and coral which forms the peninsula, gives the city when viewed from a distance a clean and handsome appearance, but on closer inspection the streets are found to be very narrow, irregular, ill-paved and filthy.
Johnson, not content with turning filthy savages, ignorant of their letters, and gorged with raw steaks cut from living cows, into philosophers as eloquent and enlightened as himself or his friend Burke, and into ladies as highly accomplished as Mrs Lennox or Mrs Sheridan, transferred the whole domestic system of England to Egypt.
Tony had arrived and I began the day borrowing mop, bucket and chamois and cleaning my car, which was filthy.
She lives in a wretched, filthy hovel with two grown up daughters whom she will not suffer to work or learn anything.
With a rousing send-off from the filthy's posse, our heroes took a cab to Heathrow to begin the " Retrieval Mission " .
Transferred to the gatehouse at Westminster, he was so abominably treated that his father petitioned Elizabeth that he might either be brought to trial and put to death, if found guilty, or removed in any case from "that filthy hole."
Singapore, where plague has several times been introduced, but never taken hold, is probably quite as dirty and insanitary as Hong-Kong, and it is pertinently remarked by the Bombay Research Committee that filth per se has but little influence, inasmuch as " there occurred in the House of Correction at Byculla, where cleanliness is brought as near to perfection as is attainable, an outbreak which exceeded in severity that in any of the filthy thaw's and tenements around."
Their filthy habits and disgusting practices of gross promiscuous feeding, even to the extent of eating offal and dead men's flesh, look almost like a direct repudiation of the strict Brahmanical code of ceremonial purity and cleanliness, and of the rules regulating the matter and manner of eating and drinking; and they certainly make them objects of loathing and terror wherever they are seen.
With a rousing send-off from the filthy 's posse, our heroes took a cab to Heathrow to begin the " Retrieval Mission ".
The landscape was once littered with horrific factories spewing out filthy black smoke into the atmosphere, leaving it permanently enveloped in black gloom.
The pair quickly find themselves traipsing through crack houses, drug dens and filthy hide-outs in a bid to find the killer.
If common areas like hallways, elevators, laundry room, lobby and parking lots are filthy and rundown, it's an indicator of landlord neglect.
Animals that have been living in filthy conditions, that have manure plastered to their bodies, or that have ingested contaminated feed are more likely to be tainted with the bacteria.
Women wear ragged, dirty clothing and then dance on through to a prayer for help which includes removing the filthy garments and burying them.
A spot that looks like it is someone's dirty basement or one that is smoky and filthy is probably not the best place to get pierced.
Multi-Millionaire was a sort of beauty competition for women who were willing to marry a man they had never met, as long as he was filthy rich.
The modern town of Palestrina, a collection of narrow and filthy alleys, stands on the terraces once occupied by the temple of Fortune.
Until far on in the th century the malarial jungle and paddy fields closely hemmed in the European mansions; the vast plain (maiddn), now covered with gardens and promenades, was then a swamp during three months of each year; the spacious quadrangle known as Wellington Square was built upon a filthy creek.
Jackson picked her up by the throat and slammed her against a tree, "I should kill you where you stand, you filthy dog!"
Robertson has shown that the typhoid bacillus can grow very easily in certain soils, can persist in soils through the winter months, and when the soil is artificially fed, as may be done by a leaky drain or by access of filthy water from the surface, the microorganism will take on a fresh growth in the warm season.
The classics had not refined his taste, for he was amused by setting the wandering scholars, who swarmed to his court, to abuse one another in the indescribably filthy Latin scolding matches which were then the fashion.
When--free from soldiers, wagons, and the filthy traces of a camp--he saw villages with peasants and peasant women, gentlemen's country houses, fields where cattle were grazing, posthouses with stationmasters asleep in them, he rejoiced as though seeing all this for the first time.
His arrival, however, roused the suspicion of the natives, and under King Mwanga's orders he was lodged in a filthy hut swarming with rats and vermin.
The number of persons arrested and imprisoned reached hundreds of thousands, of whom many died in their crowded and filthy jails.
To gamekeepers and those interested in the preservation of game, all animals such as the pole-cat, weasel, stoat, hawks, owls, &c., which destroy the eggs or young of preserved birds, are classed as "vermin," and the same term includes rats, mice, &c. It is also the collective name given to all those disgusting and objectionable insects that infest human beings, houses, &c., when allowed to be in a filthy and unsanitary condition, such as bugs, fleas, lice, &c.
The general aspect of the town is picturesque; the streets are fairly spacious, though ill-kept and filthy; the houses are all of stone, many of them well-built and four or five storeys high, with terraced roofs and large projecting windows as in Jidda - a style of building which has not varied materially since the Toth century (Mukaddasi, p. ), and gains in effect from the way in which the dwellings run up the sides and spurs of the mountains.

