
Sentences
Children, especially young children, can be a little clumsy and may accidentally trip over the dog or step on him without meaning for it to happen.
It was thus an effective compromise between the solar year and the lunar month, and contrasts very favorably with the intricate and clumsy years of other ancient systems. The leap-year of the Julian and Gregorian calendars confers the immense benefit of a fixed correspondence to the seasons which the Egyptian year did not possess, but the uniform length of the Egyptian months is enviable even now.
His attempts at braiding her dark hair the way she liked it had ended up in a series of knots, because he didn't quite understand how to do it and his man-sized fingers were too clumsy.
Pytheas, a navigator of the Phocean colony of Massilia (Marseilles), determined the latitude of that port with considerable precision by the somewhat clumsy method of ascertaining the length of the longest day, and when, about  B.C., he set out on exploration to the northward in search of the lands whence came gold, tin and amber, he followed this system of ascertaining his position from time to time.
Nevertheless, despite Bonaparte's marvellous skill in rallying moderate men of all parties to his side, there remained an unconvinced and desperate minority, whose clumsy procedure enabled the great engineer to hoist them with their own petard and to raise himself to the imperial dignity.
His sword defended him as if possessed, yet when he went to strike, he found his blows ill timed and clumsy.
In Babylonia, in place of the basrelief we have the figure in the round, the earliest examples being the statues from Tello which are realistic but somewhat clumsy.
Since about  this industry had been confined to the north-west of Bohemia, and it survived just till , when it was entirely abandoned - not because its product had become any less necessary, but, quite on the contrary, because the enormously increasing demand for fuming sulphuric acid, arising through the discovery of artificial alizarine and other coal-tar colours, could not possibly be supplied by the clumsy Bohemian process.
When bent on a dangerous expedition, the men will seek help from this clumsy creature, but in what way his opinions are made known is nowhere recorded."
His proofs are generally long and clumsy; this is accounted for in some measure by the absence of symbols and technical terms. Apollonius was ignorant of the directrix of a conic, and although he incidentally discovered the focus of an ellipse and hyperbola, he does not mention the focus of a parabola.
Her clumsy hand missed it, and she stared at the black sand as it fell towards the bottom of the glass.
Using sets The techniques used to grow the arrays in the code shown above are rather clumsy to say the least.
Or you longed to be a brave heroine, but people laughed at you because you were a clumsy, dreamy girl?
I desperately race around the classroom, arms flailing in clumsy attempts to grasp at adolescent screeches and high-pitched howls of derisive laughter.
In this area there is also a large splotch of black glaze -- a clumsy mistake on an otherwise attractive vessel.
Other terrestrial marsupials are the wombat (Phascolomys), a large, clumsy, burrowing animal, not unlike a pig, which attains a weight of from  to  lb; the bandicoot (Perameles), a rat-like creature whose depredations annoy the agriculturist; the native cat (Dasyurus), noted robber of the poultry yard; the Tasmanian wolf (Thylacinus), which preys on large game; and the recently discovered Notoryctes, a small animal which burrows like a mole in the desert of the interior.
When at last they were driven to the Strait they would drift over on rafts or in clumsy shallops; being thereafter left in peace to concentrate their race, then possibly only in an approximately pure state, in the island to which the Dravidians would not take the trouble to follow them, and where they would have centuries in which once more to fix their racial type and emphasize over again those differences, perhaps temporarily marred by crossing, which were found to exist on the arrival of the Whites.
Other periodicals which appeared in the th century were Mailer's Mercurio (); the Diario noticioso (-); El Pensador (-) of Joseph Clavijo y Fajardo; El Belianis literario (), satirical in character; the Semanario erudito (-), a clumsy collection of documents; El Correo literario de la Europa (-); El Censor (); the valuable Memorial literario (-); El Correo literario (-), devoted to literature and science; and the special organs El Correo mercantil (-) and El Semanario de agricultura (-).
In Islam proper they have no raison d'etre; the legends about Adam and Eve on Arafa, about Abraham's sacrifice of the ram at Thabii by Mina, imitated in the sacrifices of the pilgrimage, are clumsy afterthoughts, as appears from their variations and only partial acceptance.
Is it actually that blue-eyed redheads have the same number of accidents as non-redheads, but brown-eyed redheads are even more clumsy, accident prone, and traffic hazards?
The sailors looked to me gross and slovenly men, and the shipping struck me as clumsy, ugly, old, and dirty.
The balsa stringers used on the rear fuselage look thick and clumsy and will be prone to damage while the model is being transported.
January  - Changed the look of the entire site by taking away the clumsy looking frames around many of the photos.
If Moses had depended only upon the wisdom of the Egyptians, he would have produced a rather clumsy account of Creation.
What grew out of the clumsy old windmill design of sails made of canvas attached to the blades is beginning to take on a grace in form that surpasses pure functionality.
His hands and feet may grow at a faster rate than the rest of his body, which may lead to a clumsy phase.
There are dozens of sites you can play sudoku for free, but many suffer from clumsy navigation or have so many advertisements that it's difficult to focus on the game.
Although their grasp is still clumsy, they have acquired a fascination with grabbing small objects and trying to put them in their mouths.
These may include the child having difficulty holding a pencil or drawing, throwing a ball, riding a bicycle, playing sports, having a hard time with clothes that have buttons or zippers, having poor handwriting, and being clumsy.
Yet, they often have trouble with gross and fine motor skills and, as a result, they may be physically clumsy and awkward.
Homer stumbles through life as a crude, clumsy, lazy, overeating character who is extremely loyal to and protective of his family.
Herpes-Date (or "H-date") is another focused site that seems to try to provide a service to people with HSV (the Herpes Simplex Virus) but does so in a rather clumsy way.
She worked her way up to manager and along with the Sookie, her clumsy cook and Michel, her French assistant manager (who makes rude an art form) she eventually opens her own Inn after the Independence Inn burns to the ground.
The wrist watch became popular during the th century when soldiers in combat recognized the inconvenience of having a bulky and clumsy pocket watch with them.
Motor skills impairments are often among the symptoms of Aspergers, causing those affected by the disorder to appear clumsy or uncoordinated, or have difficulty mastering tasks that exercise fine motor skills.
Someone may be a beginner and encroach into "your" space, or perhaps someone was clumsy and accidentally kicked your bottle over.
If you try to a cardio session (running, biking, aerobics tape etc) shortly after a big pasta meal, you'll be bloated and clumsy at best and blowing chunks at worst.
But there is something forced and clumsy, in spite of the flashes of grim humour, in the machinery of the Clothes Philosophy.
But his handling of it is clumsy and confused; and he does not make it sufficiently clear why the law of nature should be obeyed.
It was very clumsy, but lasted a great many years before it became water-logged and perhaps sank to the bottom.
He seized the door, making a final effort to hold it back--to lock it was no longer possible--but his efforts were weak and clumsy and the door, pushed from behind by that terror, opened and closed again.
In the lecture-room he laid great stress on the importance of experimental demonstrations, paying particular attention to their selection and arrangement, though, since he himself was a somewhat clumsy manipulator, their actual exhibition was generally entrusted to his assistants.
For a long time Pierre could not understand, but when he did, he jumped up from the sofa, seized Boris under the elbow in his quick, clumsy way, and, blushing far more than Boris, began to speak with a feeling of mingled shame and vexation.
Pullers appear to renounce pulling, refusers take to jumping and clumsy horses become nearly as handy as a trick horse in a circus.
The autumnal subsidence of the river was followed by shallow ploughing performed by oxen yoked to clumsy wooden ploughs, the clods being afterwards levelled with wooden hoes by hand.
But following a custom which was by no means uncommon in the middle ages, a clumsy sequel, extending to , was formed out of various chronicles and tacked on to his work.
Nerves made her movements clumsy while her mind sought some forgotten information about a threat great enough to rouse the Undersecretary and his staff in the middle of the night.
With all the Puritan eagerness to push a clear, uncompromising, Scripture-based distinction of right and wrong into the affairs of every-day life, he has a thoroughly English horror of casuistry, and his clumsy canons consequently make wild work with the infinite intricacies of human nature.
The absence of good bark, dugout timber, and chisels of stone deprived the whole Mississippi valley of creditable water-craft, and reduced the natives to the clumsy trough for a dugout and miserable bull-boat, made by stretching dressed buffalo hide over a crate.
But more important than all this, perhaps, is the thoroughly practical tone which Guido assumes in his theoretical writings, and which differs greatly from the clumsy scholasticism of his contemporaries and predecessors.
After two clumsy attempts had been made to poison him at Perez's table, he was killed by bravos on the night of Easter Monday, the st of March .
We are not at liberty, therefore, in every case where the connexion in the Koran is obscure, to say that it is really broken, and set it down as the clumsy patchwork of a later hand.
The Ka`ba has been rebuilt more than once since Mahomet purged it of idols and adopted it as the chief sanctuary of Islam, but the old form has been preserved, except in secondary details; so that the "Ancient House," as it is titled, is still essentially a heathen temple, adapted to the worship of Islam by the clumsy fiction that it was built by Abraham and Ishmael by divine revelation as a temple of pure monotheism, and that it was only temporarily perverted to idol worship from the time when `Amr ibn Lohai introduced the statue of Hobal from Syria' till the victory of Islam.
The ends of the wooden legs were shod with plates of solid gold, and the saddle of the Princess Ozma, which was of red leather set with sparkling diamonds, was strapped to the clumsy body.
Two faults, however, marred the workfirst, the shapes were clumsy and unpleasing, being copied from bronzes whose solidity justified forms unsuited to thin enamelled vessels; secondly, the colors, sombre and somewhat impure, lacked the glow and mellowness that give decorative superiority to the technically inferior Chinese enamels of the later Ming and early Tsing eras.
With this comes the whole vast and ever-widening range of inventive and adaptive art, where the uniform hereditary instinct of the cell-forming bee and the nest-building bird is supplanted by multiform processes and constructions, often at first rude and clumsy in comparison to those of the lower instinct, but carried on by the faculty of improvement and new invention into ever higher stages.
His structures, such as the hut, fence, stockade, earthwork, &c., may be poor and clumsy, but they are of the same nature as our own.
The language and dialogue of Melite are on the whole simple and natural, and though the construction is not very artful (the fifth act being, as is not unusual in Corneille, superfluous and clumsy), it is still passable.
His description of the different kinds of ploughs is interesting; and he justly recommends such as were drawn by two horses (some even by one horse) in preference to the weighty and clumsy machines which required four or more horses or oxen.
Far more lenient was Bonaparte's conduct towards a knot of discontented officers who, in April - May , framed a clumsy plot, known as the "Plot of the Placards," for arousing the soldiery against him.
Siegfried's whole character and career is, indeed, annihilated in the clumsy progress towards this consummation; but Shakespeare might have condoned worse plots for the sake of so noble a result; and indeed Wagner's awkwardness arises mainly from fear of committing oversights.
But on either side of this refusal are to be found elaborate projects of friendly societies and widows' funds, which practically cover, in a clumsy and roundabout manner, the whole ground of life insurance.
It is a clumsy, though somewhat imposing edifice of sandstone in Italian Renaissance style, and has a dome rising, with the lantern, to a height of  ft.
The diet was ad extremely clumsy instrument of government, and it was perhaps never more discredited or more impotent than when it met Maximilian at Worms in March .
It took him two attempts, but he managed a clumsy mount and sat uneasily in the saddle for a moment before turning his attention to the other two.
The recumbent effigies and decorative details of these tombs are very beautiful, but the smaller figures of angels, saints and virtues are rather clumsy in proportion.
It is a clumsy and unsatisfactory way of receiving communication, useless when Miss Sullivan or some one else who knows the manual alphabet is present to give Miss Keller the spoken words of others.
The club has now disappeared, and the gates brought back to India by Lord Ellenborough are recognized to be a clumsy forgery.
The lord, instead of clumsy work, got clear money, a much-coveted means of satisfying needs and wishes of any kind - instead of cumbrous performances which did not come always at the proper, moment, were carried out in a half-hearted manner, yielded no immediate results, and did not admit of convenient rearrangement.
