
They now bade farewell to the kind but unseen people of the cottage, and after the man had called their attention to a high, pyramid-shaped mountain on the opposite side of the Valley, and told them how to travel in order to reach it, they again started upon their journey.
After many adventures I reached Omaha, only to find that all my old friends were dead or had moved away.
After having her wiggle her toes and move her ankle this way and that, he finally stepped back and observed her with a frown.
They're all several hours after the fact and come from an unusual viewpoint; not where there would naturally be someone observing.
She sensed Talon was about to rebel, as was she at the thought of swimming after such an exhausting walk.
He works from home and has a night job remotely monitoring real-time security cameras after hours at an office building.
After examining the various dials and switches on Quinn's machines, I had a fairly clear idea of each; I could turn it on and increase and decrease the settings.
She doesn't realize her time on this earth is ebbing to a close, perhaps only minutes from now after she answers my questions.
Her features had gone from drawn and pale to glowing, the result of his return from Europe after an extended absence and the child growing in her womb.
After smearing peanut butter and jam on whole wheat bread for a lunch on the fly, Dean knocked on Martha's door.
By some means, however, he learned to read; and after that he loved nothing so much as a good book.
The nurse interrupted him with a series of questions about my well-being and left after telling me a doctor would visit and breakfast was on the way.
She tied her hair back and straightened the sweatshirt, somewhat relieved and disappointed it hadn't been Aaron at the door after all.
After an hour-long attempt to expel his wired energy, he returned to his room to the sound of his cell phone ringing.
Just said he was coming back for me after he went away for a couple days, Bianca said with a shrug.
The air was heavy and fragrant, the wet, solid sand near the ocean welcome after her initial attempt to keep up in the sugary sand higher up the beach.
She checked the clock on the nightstand then the notepad listing the time of the flight she'd booked the afternoon before after exploring the mansion.
According to the brief phone call, the ten-year-old girl's natural mother, another loser like faux foster mother Janet, had been recently discharged to a halfway house after doing hard time in the state's Cañon City facility.
I'm pleased Martha trusted us enough to confide in us, even though now I have to take my hat in my hand and talk Jake Weller into spelunking after a skeleton.
After lunch, photographer Brandon Westlake took the opportunity to show a montage of his recent shots, first on the parlor coffee table, and then, as the crowd increased, he presented a full-fledged slide show.
Or perhaps the theater props were kept somewhere just before the auction— after they were hauled out of the storage quarters.
But he wasn't even in Ouray between the early 's, when he was a child visiting summers, and , when he started coming back after his brother died.
She must at least think she has or surely she wouldn't have shown up after all this time and started a fuss about something that we all settled long time ago.
I reckon that's something that needs to be done, and them children would be better off with a woman looking after them.
He disappeared, and she stared after him for a long moment before grabbing as many weapons as she could carry and returning to her room.
Itching to relieve some of her own nervous energy after the run-in with the vamps, she'd reached the door when Jonny spoke again.
After all, he'd abdicated all Bird Song's weekend chores in favor of his flesh-pressing tour, and Cynthia deserved a rest.
After that nasty sheriff created all that fuss and arrested your stepfather, my attorney was sure the judge would call a mistrial and we'd have to start over again.
After fumbling in her pocket, she found a book of matches and lit the cigarette she had stuck behind her ear.
He hated the idea but understood the necessity, especially after finding the second compass in the hands of demons within a week.
In the last week, she had started going to bed after he was asleep and getting up before he woke.
Mums was her first choice because of confidentiality issues, but there probably wasn't much romance at her age and after so many years of marriage.
After lunch he disappeared for a while and when he finally returned, he signed that they were all going to take a ride in the buggy.
You didn't quit because you wanted to, but because you had to after breaking those laws to spare me and Hazel, Katie added, patting her stomach.
After a week of knowing him, she already had to concentrate hard to resist leaning into him whenever he was around.
The idea of waking up to him each morning reminded her of how centered, energized and at peace she'd been after their first night together.
She avoided looking at Gabriel, not at all certain what to think after their exchange and seeing him with another woman.
She wanted to ask more about them and what happened after Death claimed someone, but it was a lot to deal with.
With her taste in his mouth and scent on his skin, he was about to go insane, especially after walking away from her.
How long until he kicked her out of the apartment, the final act of abandonment after disrupting everything in her life?
After rejecting then pining for him for a few days, she wasn't ready for him to be less confused than she was.
Was she willing to give life a second shot, even if Gabriel wasn't in the picture and she had no more normal friends after Wynn's betrayal?
After all, he promised that he'd try and let her rewrite the awful terms of their relationship, if she survived.
Her head felt heavy and like it was stuffed with cotton, the way she felt when she came to after surgery.
After he destroyed all her drugs, she'd suspected he'd react this way and had hidden another bottle in her bedroom.
She'd fallen asleep in Kris's library after half a bottle of whiskey and awoken in her own bed with a throbbing headache and dry mouth.
He wasn't ready to be dead-dead yet, not after all the time he'd spent in Hell and all the unfinished business he had.
He seemed at once disgusted by the fact she was a difficult mortal blood monkey and yet primitively protective, holding her as she quaked after her run-in with a man who wanted to kill her.
After a solid hour of the child crying, I wondered if the mother read about the abandoned child, perhaps with a fleeting hint of sympathy.
If you'd spare a moment and look at it, I'll have you driven back to the hospital after you're finished.
After a childhood filled with foster homes, she feared getting too comfortable, even in the home of the man who adopted her twelve years ago, when she was ten.
A couple of them were talking quietly, but she didn't hear them, instead unable to fathom that anyone would find her life worth protecting after her father hadn't.
Cody, sprawled in the middle of the street after being hit by a car, blood trickling from his skull into a nearby storm drain.
Her body was beginning to ache more, from her battered hands to her bruised cheek from when she'd fallen after fainting the night before.
To the three of them, the drastic changes that occurred over such a short time span after thousands of years of no change were a warning sign.
The drug wore off, leaving her in a dark fog, hot and sweating with a different kind of headache, the kind she got after taking a lot of Dr. Mallard's drugs.
He'd not had to work too hard for confessions in the past thousand years, not after word of his cold, methodological skills leaked to the Guardians.
He's been after bad guys for thousands of years, and he's never gone to the Dark Side or quit or anything.
Claire didn't look any worse for wear after a day in the offsite location Dusty had scouted as a temporary dungeon for their prisoners.
You threw me out with nowhere to go after the man who was meant to be my husband was killed.
Her heart sang as she realized she hadn't lost him after all, her body echoing the desire on his face.
Deidre almost cringed at the thought of leaving the chamber after her first venture out that landed her not only in trouble but also in Darkyn's bed.
He was on the Council until shortly after I died-dead, after which he betrayed the Immortals to work for the Dark One, Darkyn's predecessor.
Darkyn didn't restrict her movement or who she saw, but the idea of seeing Gabriel again so soon after their meeting yesterday disturbed her.
There was the customary group of tourists with names like Bud and Ethel and Elmer and Clara— names not assigned to anyone born after World War II.
After a short wait, the four were seated in a booth and began to work on chips and salsa as the adults ordered drinks.
After embarrassed apologies, she seemed compelled to sit down and chat, as if idle conversation might be penance for the pilfered peach pie.
After they dragged Jen off to confession, the Calvias would stick around and rent the church for the wedding—if Randy was still alive.
Both lay awake, trying not to disturb the other while neither slept until hours after the sun finally slipped around the corner to the other side of the world.
Sure, Dean thought, I'll put it on the list, right after food, clothing and shelter, all of which were tough enough to fund given Bird Song's present budget.
After a switchback, they crossed the bridge over a deep gorge, the location of Ouray's now-melted ice climbing park where David Dean had almost lost his life the prior winter.
After what seemed even longer than the Dean's first trip to the mine just two days earlier, they emerged into the basin where the valley floor was a sea of wildflowers.
Finally, after ten minutes of silence passed, they heard the sound of feet running down the slope on the other side of the rise above them.
After they were settled in the vehicle and on their way back to town, Jennifer Radisson brought up the more mundane subjects of the mine and her litigation.
Two hours remained before the last of the day's celebrations— the Jeep flare parade down the mountain, followed by a massive fireworks display—so after finishing supper, the Deans began playing catch up with Bird Song's chores.
It was only moments later when his fears were realized by the gnashing, booming, ripping sound of metal on rock, echoing across the valley like a clap of thunder, repeating and repeating, as if car after car had met a similar fate, further and further away.
After the first several feet, the angle of the slope dropped more sharply and he was forced to move to his left to avoid falling.
The next eruption, and the one after it, gave insufficient light to help, but then a multiple display hung in the sky like a full moon, giving time for his eyes to search left and right.
He closed the door to Brandon Westlake and told the old photographer-antique collector to come back after nine o'clock, claiming a need to do his own Internet work.
But after a night of boozing, he'd punch out a nun in a wheelchair for looking at him the wrong way.
Dawkins, Sr. had never hired another mine manager after Josh and never so much as mentioned the Lucky Pup after that time—to his sons or his wife.
He brought Cynthia up to speed on his meeting with Lydia after confirming there was no further word on Martha's disappearance.
I had made up my mind to just leave after I came here tonight and not say anything, but you've both been so nice, I shouldn't be so selfish.
I suppose Paul recognized my name, either before or soon after we first met, back when I was a teenager.
Fred returned part way through the recital, and after a greeting and a handshake, retired to the back room with Kathleen the jailer to fill out paper work for his release.
Finally, after lunch, Dean telephoned Jake Weller, first to report on Martha's wellbeing and in hopes of learning more about Fitzgerald's whereabouts.
There was a lot about some guy from here who turned up missing fishing over on the Gunnison River, but they just stopped mentioning it after a few weeks.
The answers fell into place, one after another like a child's wooden puzzle, and even absent the last lingering block, the finished the picture was finally clear.
I heard he was going to give them out after the sale, after the trunks sold, but the keys all got mixed up so he simply tossed them.
Why go back into the mine after all these years and take the chance of swapping the bones and getting caught?
It was Brandon who kept coming back to Ouray year after year when you'd think the loathsome thing that happened here would cause him to despise the place.
After all their years together, he didn't trust that she would do what she had to in order for them to be together.
If he noticed her absence soon after it occurred, would he have been able to follow and stop her deal with Darkyn?
That he understood now how he needed to break rules from time-to-time to preserve his domain was gratifying after years of him judging her for it.
Of course, it was possible that Darkyn combined the souls into Deidre's new body, after raising her from the dead-dead.
He felt good after the night with his mate, and it was too nice outside to take a portal when he had the energy to walk.
It was worse than the morning after he slept with human-Deidre and awoke to discover whom he spent the night with.
Deidre gasped, understanding now how Darkyn planned on ensuring his mate didn't go anywhere, even after she won their deal.
She didn't know how he could love her still after all she'd done or why he was willing to try to make things work.
After Tess broke their engagement - at the last minute - there had been no reason for him to hold his end of the bargain... nothing but integrity.
Destiny had finally reached the point that she would tolerate being held by Lori, but after a few minutes she was ready to get down or go to Alex, Carmen or Jonathan.
She stared after him as he drove away, wondering if he would be home for supper – or if he was going to eat alone.
It was hard to tell whether she would go through with contesting the will, or if she even could after so long.
After explaining the situation and giving her address, she turned down the road toward the nearest public area – a service station  miles away.
Early the next morning after taking Jonathan to school, she went back to the house and took care of the animals.
Whatever Daniela said to him after she fled worked, and Katie didn't see him for the rest of the day.
Every time I turn around, I'm getting my ass kicked by some beast, many of which are probably after you!
She.d spent the day in thought after her talk with Gabriel, and there was only one solution that might drive Rhyn away before she and Gabriel hurt him.
He knew Jared well enough after all their years in Hell together to understand the creature was too narcissistic to care about another.s issues.
Jared limped after him and appeared beside him on the cliff edge, taking in the morning view of grey skies and green forest with a look of distaste.
His sweet smell and the feel of his soft skin lingered in her senses after she.d carried him from the forest.
It was after his adrenaline tapered off that he smelled blood, and he trotted down a path in the direction of the scent.
After all his sacrifices, after losing Lilith and Katie to Rhyn, he wasn.t sure what he.d do if Hannah chose someone other than him as her mate.
He had come to Darkyn in desperation, after Sasha had invited him to his bed and then dumped him off with the demons.
He fought until the yard was lit only by the castle.s outer lighting, then onward to dawn, free after so long restraining himself around the Immortals and humans.
When she reached the top of the beach, she paused to catch her breath before hurrying after Jade, whose determined walk soon outdistanced her.
It wasn.t hard to figure out why he did it after so long refusing to become Death.s slave, Darkyn answered.
Kiera's thoughts, warm and fuzzy after too much of Evelyn's special punch, drifted as she gazed into the quiet night sky.
Several members, including Qatwal, may be willing to aid you in regaining your planet after you've reached a peace treaty.
Soon after confirming she was asleep, the two large men who had emptied the house of boxes returned for her.
She'd avoided the galley Evelyn had tried for three days to drag her to and said it would prove they were on a ship after she challenged Evelyn to prove it wasn't a dream.
Soon after, a warrior came to her door and led her down several halls and into a tiny box resembling an elevator.
Kiera lay on the bed an hour after Evelyn left, staring at the white ceiling with its brightly corded edges.
He owed them nothing after his mission, which cleared a path for him to do what he must to regain his throne.
