
I find it hard to realize that Christmas is almost here, in spite of the fact that Helen talks about nothing else.
Then the fairies thanked him for his forgiveness, and promised to work very hard to please him; and the good-natured king took them all up in his arms, and carried them safely home to his palace.
Other sessions were tried earlier but when Howie couldn't sleep, Quinn accused him of not working hard enough Martha said.
She hung, helpless and exhausted, stuck in the in-between place until the pain of her head hitting something hard jarred her into consciousness.
She couldn't run, couldn't move and she tried hard to convince herself to pass out as the garage door was wrenched open.
When these guys want something, they work real hard to get it and they have lots of toys at their disposal.
She turned abruptly and pulling my head with one hand, kissed me hard on the mouth while her other hand groped between my legs!
Of all the coddling he'd accused Sofi and Bianca of doing, he'd been working hard to protect Darian from anything that might force him to grow into his powers.
Talon shoved her back into the valley with a snarled threat under his breath, and she hurried out of the trough again, breathing hard by the time she'd clambered twenty feet to the top.
While it was hard to tell his height when he was seated, he looked to be Sean's size, well over six feet tall.
He wasn't sure what he expected—maybe a cold, hard Medusa—but the young woman Sean indicated was nothing like that.
Pacing in her room, she tried hard not to think of what her father was capable of doing to someone he thought was a threat to her.
Jule was knocked off his feet by a hard blow but got back up, beckoning to the other creature with a look of confidence out of place for his bloodied face.
The kid was hard to read, and she guessed his anger had more to do with his struggle to understand his new role than the vamps who clearly had no respect for him.
Yully's eyes closed, and she focused hard on feeling something other than Jule, whose presence still lingered in her body.
She shoved against him as hard as she could, knowing when he released her it was because he wanted to.
There was a time when he didn't care who he slept with, when he was hard at the sight of any woman who would take him to bed.
He'd not had to work too hard for confessions in the past thousand years, not after word of his cold, methodological skills leaked to the Guardians.
He spent the night deep in thought, forcing himself to face the dark memories he'd tried so hard to bury.
She shivered, not wanting to imagine what Darkyn was capable of or how hard it might be to outmaneuver him to leave Hell.
She swallowed hard, willing herself to remember that she was meant for Gabriel, even if it was Darkyn's name on her back.
Mesmerized by the sensations, her confusion and his direct gaze, she had to concentrate hard to register what he said.
Deidre found herself leaning into his solid frame without resistance, entranced by the combination of his hot, hard body and cool fire on her swimming senses.
He whispered words she wasn't able to make out then bit her again, this time hard enough for the pain to piece her dreamlike stage.
She wrenched free of his hold and pushed him hard enough to slide out from between him and the wall.
He was too hard and cold to offer much in that way, but he spoke the truth softly and then kissed her hungrily.
According to the brief phone call, the ten-year-old girl's natural mother, another loser like faux foster mother Janet, had been recently discharged to a halfway house after doing hard time in the state's Cañon City facility.
It's hard to say there's no connection with the bones until we're sure there is a third Dawkins, who he or she is, and what the suit is all about.
If something even more untoward than what the scene implied had actually occurred last evening, Dean would find himself squeezed between the proverbial rock and a hard place.
It was going to be hard, maybe even harder than finding his soul in the underworld, but the opportunity was theirs for the taking.
It was hard to tell if the visitor was unwelcome, as he always maintained a professional tone when talking to customers or strangers.
In spite of her extra pounds and gray hair, it was hard to believe Mums was in her late 's.
She put the heel of her hand on the place where blood was coming out and used her other hand to press down hard.
It was hard to believe he didn't understand the source of her distress, and yet he acted as though he was baffled.
A status check on their relationship, the one he hadn't told her he couldn't have, because he was trapped into mating with a formerly sadistic psychopath-turned-human he was trying hard not to kill.
Pensive, he swallowed hard and finally admitted that he didn't want her to be his by obligation, the way he'd been enslaved to past-Deidre.
Terrified she'd find him in the tub, nothing more than a pile of bones, she pushed herself away from the wall and focused hard on calling a portal.
After a week of knowing him, she already had to concentrate hard to resist leaning into him whenever he was around.
Deidre looked at him hard for a moment then shook her head and gripped her wine, padding into the living area.
She was trying hard to push away the gathering emotions that told her Wynn was not the man she wanted, needed him to be.
The restriction smacked him hard, as he'd been ready to drag Rhyn out of Hell as soon as Death was gone.
Any other day, she'd have stared at his hard body and the way his jeans hugged his muscular thighs and the round globes of his backside, or the T-shirt that fit so well.
She saw the white of his knuckles as he gripped her shoe hard and sensed she was pushing a wild animal.
A hood went over her head, and she was flung across someone's shoulder hard enough to make her ribs flare with pain.
Though she tried hard not to fear death, she wondered what kind of creature was capable of breaking through bars made of materials she'd never before seen and held in place with some sort of magic.
Swallowing hard, she tilted her head to one side in a display she hoped he took to be an apology.
It was hard to reconcile the man before her with the creature that tore apart bodies like meat in a blender.
He gripped her arm hard and stepped in front of her, his size sending a tremor of unease through her.
She wished hard she could talk to Evelyn as she had in her dream last night and ask her what to do.
Kiera bowed her head as she'd seen the sisters do, trying hard not to look guilty like she'd overheard his conversation.
She blocked clumsily at first but ordered herself not to look weak in front of such a man and focused hard.
At the least, she could help him battle plan while she thought hard about what to do with her life.
Caught between consciousness and darkness, she hung limply for a long time, until the man holding her flung her onto a hard floor.
The strange sound continued for several minutes, and she trembled, trying hard not to think of what happened if she made it unscathed to the planet's surface.
She was getting used to the hard stares the warriors gave her, the only indication of their surprise at her candidness.
She sat across from Evelyn, who continued to give her the odd look, and clasped her hands together hard to keep them from shaking as they took off.
Well, you gave me such a hard time when I didn't get you a Christmas card, until the day after, I figured I'd stock up.
If I see a ghost and it gives me a hard time, I'll pull my gun and send it packing!
You get into mixed rock and ice and there's often snow to clear away to get to a hard surface.
All he knew now was his bare feet were cold, standing on the hard wood floor at the perimeter of the carpet in the death room.
I might could buy the Annie Quincy look-alike scenario but to me, it's a hard sell to do something horrible like strangling yourself when you have a bottle of perfectly good sleeping pills a hand's reach away.
Apparently mom, before assigned to hard time in Cañon City, had dragged the poor child over most of Colorado and the West.
They had been in New England for a mere three months, but Sarah had fallen fast and hard for Connor.
Let me see if I can make sense of this for you… I have been fighting very hard to keep my feelings in check so as not to scare you away.
Elisabeth continued toward Victor, met him face to face, and growled, "Are we going to do this the easy way or the hard way?"
With a husky breath, she dropped to his lap, dove both hands into his hair and pulled his head back, planting a hard kiss on his lips.
Never having met Alex or any other members of the family besides their Aunt Polly, it was hard to guess.
Carmen woke to a dim light shinning through her bedroom window - only the window was in the wrong place - and the bed was hard.
The people credited the PMF with saving them from the elite's Civil War while the elites tried hard to stamp out the PMF's existence.
He tossed the baton and approached her, glaring down at her with dark eyes as hard as his chiseled frame.
He snatched her, though instead of pushing her away, he wrapped his arms around her and kissed her, deep and hard.
They loaded one of the transports with the supplies and sent it towards the hard site with a security force.
She looked at him hard for a moment before crossing the room to sit on the chair across from him.
He was too hard to offer the type of empathy she wanted, but he was the man who'd been with her since the beginning of the end.
But then again, there are so many refugees trickling into the cities along the river, it's hard to say she's not here.
Brady glanced up at Elise's hard tone, sensing she'd not yet absorbed the fact the government she served had splintered.
Katie swallowed hard and finally put it on, feeling even more nauseous about the idea of wearing souls around her neck.
He ascended two floors to the hallway where Kris's supplies had been stocked.  He recalled how hard it could be taking care of a helpless creature like Katie or Toby.  He strode to the chamber that had served as a department store full of clothing to Kris's Immortals.  Not surprised to find the chamber ransacked, he sifted through the remaining clothing on the floor.  He guessed Toby's size and stuffed a bag with a few items before going to the food supplies.
Rhyn crossed his arms, irritated.  Kiki trotted from the patio into the house perched on a hill overlooking Tokyo.  He returned ten minutes later with a small briefcase, a jacket and a hard case for his iPad.  Rhyn opened the portal, and the two strode through it, back to the massive tree where Rhyn had lost Toby in the cold, wet French Alps.
Toby's heart somersaulted in his breast, and he tried hard to reach the depths of the powers that would be his when he was just a little older.
A tingle of alarm went through Rhyn, but his head was too heavy for him to process it.  Instead, he focused hard on containing the power within him.  When he felt he wouldn't explode, he looked around.  Darkyn had claimed Kris's library and stood near a pane of windows overlooking the snowy Alps.
Rhyn ignored them, instead fixating on how to track Death in the underworld.  He stumbled with his first step but was soon running hard through the castle, his mind on finding Death to regain Katie.
She hugged him hard.  Rhyn wrapped his arms around her, marveling at how real her body felt in the dream.  Her hair tickled his face, and he rested his chin on her head.  They held each other for a long moment.
Andre ran hard for a creature that was already dead.  Katie chased him, terrified of looking back when the awful sounds seemed so close.  Only when the ground stopped trembling did Andre stop.
The woman looked human enough.  Her features were hard to make out in the dark, but she at least had two arms and two legs.
Deidre shifted with a grunt.  Katie sat back on her haunches, not sure what to do when she couldn't see what she was trying to cut.  Deidre was shaking as hard as Katie was, and Katie crept closer for body heat.
Katie asked.  She settled next to the trapped woman, trying hard to keep her mind off how cold she was.  She was grateful for company, even if Deidre seemed as lost as she was.
The angel ignored her and dropped beside her, wringing his hands helplessly.  The blond woman dangled over the widening chasm, clutching Katie's hand.  She braced her feet against the side of the chasm and walked upward, until Toby could grab her belt.  The angel pulled hard, and Katie pushed Deidre on top of the angel, who yelped.
But his play was as sharp as usual as he handled a hard ground ball to his left, cleanly gunning the runner out by three steps.
I'd have blown my brains all over the wall months ago if I didn't have him to give me a hard time.
After a quick supper of pastrami and fruit at Uncle Sally's Galley, Dean pedaled  hard miles, working up a good sweat and a painful case of shin splints.
The two travelers killed the time picking over a bland lunch and alternating long walks with longer periods of sitting on hard seats, re-reading a discarded newspaper.
Dean was waiting for the sound of the coin dropping into the pay phone when he was startled to feel a hard object jammed in his rib cage and hear a voice say, Nice and easy, guy.
His head slammed against something hard and he lay there, momentarily stunned to the brink of unconsciousness before turning slowly to his side and opening his eyes.
Still, even knowing that Lori was interested in Josh, it was hard to imagine that she wasn't attracted to Alex.
Sliding her hand inside his shirt collar, she worked it around to the back of his neck, pulling his lips down hard on hers.
I wonder if that's what inspired the new stubble look – because it is so hard to get a close shave.
I suppose I should be grateful, but it's hard to take care of her when she keeps shoving money back at me.
Carmen was obedient – how much was in her nature and how much was the result of strict upbringing was hard to determine.
It was hard to believe the little nodule on the screen was actually a baby, but the doctor was certain.
She slapped him before he could get the word out — an open hand across the face as hard as she could hit.
She darted to the door and whipped it open, trying hard to sense if Darian reappeared close enough for her to follow.
Darian saw the fury cross Jenn's face, and her next strikes were fast and hard enough they might've given her the upper hand she needed.
He fought hard and fast, disturbed by an image of the woman with the piercing eyes being snapped up by a trap in the field.
He pumped his arms hard, ignoring the cries of three men as they fell into pits or were snapped up by traps with iron teeth.
Arrows continued to fall, and he kicked the horse on in determination, focusing hard on the road ahead of them.
Taran held onto the boy, numb and terrified, as they rode long and hard, away from the beach, away from his slain father.
