
Petya was not at home, he had gone to visit a friend with whom he meant to obtain a transfer from the militia to the active army.
In spite of the continual struggle for custody, he had felt more welcome at the Medena home than he had with his step-father's family.
Of course, if you prefer, we can wait until you come home from work and make it a fun family event.
I quarrel not with far-off foes, but with those who, near at home, co-operate with, and do the bidding of those far away, and without whom the latter would be harmless.
At last James Hogg said, "It's of no use; all we can do is to go home and tell the master that we have lost his whole flock."
Thoughts of home grew stronger the nearer he approached it--far stronger, as though this feeling of his was subject to the law by which the force of attraction is in inverse proportion to the square of the distance.
The conversation he hears in his home stimulates his mind and suggests topics and calls forth the spontaneous expression of his own thoughts.
Among the places I visited were West Point, Tarrytown, the home of Washington Irving, where I walked through "Sleepy Hollow."
In other words, the average person will make more money, pay a higher percentage as taxes, but still bring home vastly more than before.
The schoolhouse was two or three miles from home, but he did not mind the long walk through the woods and over the hills.
As Tamerlane looked, he saw that there was a hole in the tree only a little way above, and that this was the home of the ant.
The French have destroyed my home and are on their way to destroy Moscow, they have outraged and are outraging me every moment.
The head of the family, Count Ilya Rostov, continually drove about the city collecting the current rumors from all sides and gave superficial and hasty orders at home about the preparations for their departure.
It didn't take long for him to get home, and when he came in from the garage, he went directly to his gun cabinet and took out a rifle.
Drive a nail home and clinch it so faithfully that you can wake up in the night and think of your work with satisfaction--a work at which you would not be ashamed to invoke the Muse.
And she recalled in all its detail the night at Bald Hills before he had the last stroke, when with a foreboding of disaster she had remained at home against his will.
It wasn't the first time she had gone to bed while he was out on a call, but it was the first time she had done so away from home.
When you bring the babies home, can I come stay with you for a while and help take care of them?
Alondra and Felipa were watching her intently, and even Señor Medena seemed to be interested in what their life was like at home.
Still, all the information Katie provided created a clearer picture of why Alex acted the way he did at home.
I hate to ask you for another favor, but I wonder if I could pay you to drive me home.
For the most part, the work she did for the Giddon family was little more than she would have done at home - with the exception that at home she probably would have made a sandwich instead of a meal.
Well, he has a home office and he goes there pretty often, but I can't figure out what he's doing.
Leaping on the bed, which was now in her room at the Giddon home, she bounced up to the window.
Mom always used to want everyone home before dark – as though anything was out there at night that wasn't there during the day.
Of course, a little make-up and the right clothes could do wonders - which was a good way to wind up straying off the path she had mapped before she left home.
The smoke proved to be too much for Adrienne and two other girls, so they decided to walk each other home.
The smoke was bothering me and I didn't want to ruin the party for all of you, so I simply walked home.
She was spoiling the men, but her decision to start home from Ashley was going to leave them in the lurch.
Your father asked me to look for you while I was out this way, and bring you home if I could.
In a state of deep depression, she stopped by the social services office on the way home and picked up some literature and a form.
Howie was about to become Father Abbott, a Catholic priest when a drunk in a half million dollar motor home broadsided him.
Martha would drive Howie to Boston's Logan Airport for his flight back to California while Quinn would remain to pack up his equipment before leaving later for a hundred mile drive to their home in nearby Peabody, Mass.
Between times we made plans for a trip to Iowa where I'd meet my in-laws for the first time and we'd firm up plans for our October wedding, to be held on Betsy's home turf.
Timothy Burton, age five, was last seen at one PM this afternoon in the back yard of his home in Warwick, Rhode Island.
It does not appear Rudman is responsible for Amy Lou Lewis, who remains missing from her Cranston, Rhode Island home since last week.
This case was a twelve year old girl, shot in cold blood as she sat alone at the poolside of her California home.
I'm not sure anyone else in our group was in shape to drive home after our champagne celebration of the scary new life each of us agreed to embrace.
With a baby on the way, Quinn's and Martha's top priority was a locality where they could raise a family in a large and comfortable home.
The home, now known as Eight Maples Farm, had been a gathering place for travelers seeking good music and refreshments, over two hundred years ago.
It's so nice now to be home in the sun and have time to replenish my funds and think about my future.
Quinn and Martha perpetually had their hands full with their baby and Betsy stayed home, content to have extra time with our expanding garden.
I drove the few miles to Howie's home feeling as guilty as a cheating husband for leaving Betsy alone and uninformed.
Molly and Betsy elected to go home leaving me to mind the store and deal with Daniel Brennan's phone call without interruption.
But I am a patient man and the sun is shining, the brook that fronts my home on wheels is singing.
I cleaned up a few paper details and left the office for home, driving around town the long way, just to clear my head.
It wasn't the open road wanderers I envied but the home town golfers; they seemed so content in their pastoral surroundings.
I drove south toward town on the West Surry Road but instead of following Court Street, turned back north west on the Old Walpole to Howie's home.
The home is in town with neighbors close by but the high wooden fence in the back yard allows privacy sufficient to cover my night time visit.
I had barely taken a sip when I had a vision of a motor home I'd recently seen in Keene, with California plates!
Three facilities were in nearby Swanzy; a town where we'd considered buying a home what seemed like years, not months, ago.
Sitting on a secluded site at the far side of the circle, on the outside, sat a mid-sized Pace Arrow motor home with California Plates!
I wasn't sure if the Pace Arrow motor home had vacated its site or simply was out for an afternoon jaunt.
I drove slowly around the circle to make sure the site previously occupied by the California motor home was indeed vacant.
Then she added, "Julie practically begged me to bring Molly out there and help the both of them to get back home, whatever it takes to do so."
After a quick stop at a clothier to pick up a long wool skirt and sweater, she changed in her car and drove home.
At the far end of the main floor of Jonny's new home glowed a panoramic window fitted into the mountainside.
She snatched her bag and hurried home, not reflecting on her behavior until she tossed her coat on the bed.
Claustrophobic in the dark cave that had become her home, she grabbed her coat and purse and set out into the cold, brisk evening.
She was pretty sure Damian would find her no matter where she tried to go, but damn them all, she was going home.
She stared after him as he drove away, wondering if he would be home for supper – or if he was going to eat alone.
The next week they got the restraining order, but as Carmen witnessed one day on her way home, it didn't stop Lori.
Dorothy was herself anxious to get home, so she promised Eureka they would not stay in the Land of Oz much longer.
They had walked a mile or two towards home, when they came to the edge of a narrow and deep ravine.
Towards evening he told his men to ride home by the main road while he went by another way that was somewhat longer.
Discouragement and weariness cast me down frequently; but the next moment the thought that I should soon be at home and show my loved ones what I had accomplished, spurred me on, and I eagerly looked forward to their pleasure in my achievement.
It made me feel very sad to leave Boston and I missed all of my friends greatly, but of course I was glad to get back to my lovely home once more.
When you come home from Europe I hope you will be all well and very happy to get home again.
Now I must tell my gentle poet good-bye, for I have a letter to write home before I go to bed.
But now I want to tell you how glad I am that you are so happy and enjoying your home so very much.
Please tell the brave sailors, who have charge of the HELEN KELLER, that little Helen who stays at home will often think of them with loving thoughts.
We went to St. Bartholomew's Sunday, and I have not felt so much at home in a church since dear Bishop Brooks died.
My friends thought we might have one or two pupils in our own home, thereby securing to me the advantage of being helpful to others without any of the disadvantages of a large school.
Since I wrote you, Helen and I have gone to live all by ourselves in a little garden-house about a quarter of a mile from her home, only a short distance from Ivy Green, the Keller homestead.
I tried to hurry Helen out-of-doors, but she kept her arm extended, and every coat-tail she touched must needs turn round and give an account of the children he left at home, and receive kisses according to their number.
It frequently happens that the perfume of a flower or the flavour of a fruit recalls to her mind some happy event in home life, or a delightful birthday party.
This is shown in a little story she wrote in October last at the home of her parents in Tuscumbia, which she called "Autumn Leaves."
Helen and I spent the summer of  with Mrs. Hopkins at her home in Brewster, Mass., where she kindly relieved me a part of the time, of the care of Helen.
Then the fairies thanked him for his forgiveness, and promised to work very hard to please him; and the good-natured king took them all up in his arms, and carried them safely home to his palace.
And so I went home to my bed, and left him to pick his way through the darkness and the mud to Brighton--or Bright-town--which place he would reach some time in the morning.
Fearing that they would be light-headed for want of food and also sleep, owing to "the savages' barbarous singing, (for they use to sing themselves asleep,)" and that they might get home while they had strength to travel, they departed.
Pierre reaching the house first went into Prince Andrew's study like one quite at home, and from habit immediately lay down on the sofa, took from the shelf the first book that came to his hand (it was Caesar's Commentaries), and resting on his elbow, began reading it in the middle.
All their faces were as serene as if all this were happening at home awaiting peaceful encampment, and not within sight of the enemy before an action in which at least half of them would be left on the field.
Ouh! ouh! came peals of such healthy and good-humored laughter from the soldiers that it infected the French involuntarily, so much so that the only thing left to do seemed to be to unload the muskets, explode the ammunition, and all return home as quickly as possible.
On his return to Moscow from the army, Nicholas Rostov was welcomed by his home circle as the best of sons, a hero, and their darling Nikolenka; by his relations as a charming, attractive, and polite young man; by his acquaintances as a handsome lieutenant of hussars, a good dancer, and one of the best matches in the city.
The meeting was at an end, and on reaching home Pierre felt as if he had returned from a long journey on which he had spent dozens of years, had become completely changed, and had quite left behind his former habits and way of life.
Princess Mary had ceased taking lessons in mathematics from her father, and when the old prince was at home went to his study with the wet nurse and little Prince Nicholas (as his grandfather called him).
For three days after the delivery of his speech at the lodge he lay on a sofa at home receiving no one and going nowhere.
Among the men who very soon became frequent visitors at the Rostovs' house in Petersburg were Boris, Pierre whom the count had met in the street and dragged home with him, and Berg who spent whole days at the Rostovs' and paid the eldest daughter, Countess Vera, the attentions a young man pays when he intends to propose.
When he reached home Prince Andrew began thinking of his life in Petersburg during those last four months as if it were something new.
The right thing now was, if not to retire from the service, at any rate to go home on leave.
You see it's damp weather, and you could rest, and the little countess could be driven home in a trap.
When they reached home and had told their mother how they had spent the evening at the Melyukovs', the girls went to their bedroom.
On coming home, while his valets were still taking off his things, he picked up a book and began to read.
When they got home she turned everybody out of the room except Natasha, and then called her pet to her armchair.
The count wished to go home, but Helene entreated him not to spoil her improvised ball, and the Rostovs stayed on.
When Pierre returned home after vainly hunting all over Moscow, his valet informed him that Prince Anatole was with the countess.
He sought in himself either remorse for having angered his father or regret at leaving home for the first time in his life on bad terms with him, and was horrified to find neither.
It was, in fact, only the commencement of the campaign that prevented Rostov from returning home as he had promised and marrying Sonya.
On her way home at an early hour when she met no one but bricklayers going to work or men sweeping the street, and everybody within the houses was still asleep, Natasha experienced a feeling new to her, a sense of the possibility of correcting her faults, the possibility of a new, clean life, and of happiness.
Happy as Petya was, he felt sad at having to go home knowing that all the enjoyment of that day was over.
He did not go straight home from the Kremlin, but called on his friend Obolenski, who was fifteen and was also entering the regiment.
On reaching home Pierre gave orders to Evstafey--his head coachman who knew everything, could do anything, and was known to all Moscow--that he would leave that night for the army at Mozhaysk, and that his saddle horses should be sent there.
In autumn he gave himself up to hunting with the same business-like seriousness--leaving home for a month, or even two, with his hunt.
That happened only when, as was the case that day, her husband returned home, or a sick child was convalescent, or when she and Countess Mary spoke of Prince Andrew (she never mentioned him to her husband, who she imagined was jealous of Prince Andrew's memory), or on the rare occasions when something happened to induce her to sing, a practice she had quite abandoned since her marriage.
To make up for this, at home Pierre had the right to regulate his life and that of the whole family exactly as he chose.
At home Natasha placed herself in the position of a slave to her husband, and the whole household went on tiptoe when he was occupied--that is, was reading or writing in his study.
The conversation turned on the contemporary gossip about those in power, in which most people see the chief interest of home politics.
Sandwiches are one of the more popular choices, and you can opt for your food to go if you'd like to take it home with you.
Breakfast choices include omelets, creamed chipped beef, and the mildman's special which includes eggs scrambled with diced ham, onions, green peppers and home fries.
If Dustin's words were true, she'd never be welcomed into the home of any of Damian's people, not if they feared the sight of her!
She'd seen the dark side of Dusty in his home videos in the library before she told Damian about Claire.
Sofia only half-listened as she led them down the stairs, anxious to get back to Damian and the place that had become her home.
Her first thought was that he was sending her to Death as a means of torturing her or at least, nailing home the point that he had won this round with Gabriel.
Cynthia confessed they didn't attend as often as they should— as much as she did when her son was at home.
But here was twenty-year-old Randy Byrne, at the threshold of life, batting . with seventeen home runs, a slew of RBI's, and a glove that could stop a freight train, being offered the world!
Me and Bertha here might be too old to drive all the way from Kansas, but we're still at home on these Jeep roads.
It was like he had a check list of what parents were supposed to do, and he filled in all the little blocks—middle-class home, straight teeth, and a college education—figured that was the extent of his obligations to us.
I went off to college and messed around some—did all the stuff you're supposed to do at that age—but when I came back home ten years later, Paul's wife had died.
When I got home, I played it over and over, a hundred times, I'll bet, and just cried and cried.
Much as I'd like to, I won't ask her if her mother's maiden name was Plotke, nor will I tell her daddy's bones may be taking a motor home trip up the west coast—or that his pinkie is in your jewel case.
He drove directly home, knowing Cynthia would be terrified by his absence and the sound of sirens in the night.
I was coming home from a movie with some friends and we came up on the accident—it had just happened.
I had my fun kicking a little butt with the boys, but enough is enough—I have a business to run back home.
Cora was loyal to Gabriel but wanted to go home, and right now, the only way there was through Darkyn.
At their inquiry, Lori informed them that she had a home and a job in California near her sister, and that she was on vacation.
Well, just write him a note and if we don't make it back before he gets home, it shouldn't be too much longer.
They still hadn't caught the red-headed man, but they had a regular patrol, so Carmen took Jonathan and Destiny home with her.
As if they all didn't have enough to worry about, as soon as Carmen put Destiny down inside their home, she started calling for Alex.
In the time that he had been home, he never asked about the man who stabbed him, nor the situation with Lori.
He would sit there looking at her as he had since he came home from the hospital, not talking and his expression revealing nothing.
In fact, the entire design of the living area was more open and roomy than the new log home where they now lived.
He'd roamed the palace that was his home many times before returning to live out of the tiny cabin he preferred in the Everdark forest.
Reluctantly, he walked up the sloping hill and to the door that opened automatically for its master, unlike the portal home.
She turned to the wine chiller and pulled out the bottle she opened when she returned home from the street fair.
I didn't want to go to school today and stayed home but we're out of marshmallows and Gabriel doesn't have any money so I told him that we could ask you to pick up more marshmallows because we both really like them.
You will send me home, and you'll remove Toby, Gabriel, and every other interference you placed in my life, down to the scuff marks in the hallway, which I know
She was surprised she could walk at all and knew a few ounces of blood had been a small price to pay for Lankha's work, which she'd never have gotten for all the money in the world at home.
He wondered if Death would.ve been more lenient if he stayed home with her and played nice instead of spending half his day in the mortal world.
Her first instinct was to run back to the shadow world, but she had a hard time looking away from the two hideous creatures battling it out in Hannah.s home.
Gabriel whipped around at the voice, lowering the weapon that emerged instinctively at the sound of a stranger in his home.
This fact did little to assuage Jade.s guilt when he saw the slaughter around the place he.d once called home.
Rather than return home right away, she explored several small jewelry stores, looking for the perfect gift for Evelyn before she took her daily trip to the gym.
By the time she returned to the large row house, she was looking forward to an addition to their home who may not fear killing spiders and other bugs.
She couldn't help wondering if Evelyn really understood that going to his home country would mean she'd hear this kind of nonsense all the time.
The Planetary Council, his second-in-command, even his sister, had paraded women through his home every time he returned from a battle.
Kiera was bound to be traumatized until she saw for herself there were no monster-sized spiders on Romas's home planet.
So I'm going to be stuck on a planet far away without a bus ticket home surrounded by spiders the size of basketballs and being bossed around by Neanderthal barbarians who forbid me to talk and lock me in the bathroom!
Romas had attempted once to explain the clothing was not woven aboard the ship but created on his home planet, molecularly broken into invisible pieces and stored somewhere aboard the ship.
Given that she had no money or belongings that might possibly be of interest to the people of this planet, how could she bribe or pay someone to take her home?
I need you to take me to a spaceship so I can arrange to go home, she said with exaggerated slowness to make sure he understood despite her faulty translator.
