
On the th of July he managed to escape from the island in a fishing-boat, and after an adventurous voyage he reached Algiers on the rd of August.
In the month of February, or in some years as early as the end of January, the first large schools appear at the entrance of the English Channel, and are met by the more adventurous of the driftnet fishers many miles west of the Scilly Islands.
He published many works on socialism, land nationalization and kindred subjects, as well as Records of an Adventurous Life (), Further Reminiscences (), and The Future of Democracy ().
In this chronique the gods, like other gods, are adventurous warriors, adulterers, incestuous, homicidal, given to animal transformations, cowardly, and in fact charged with all human vices, and credited with magical powers.
Returning overland across Asia, through the Land of Prester John and through Casan, the adventurous traveller seems to have entered Tibet, and even perhaps to have visited Lhasa.
These cats are fun loving and adventurous, so if you're looking for a quiet, retiring companion, better look to a tabby.
If you are more adventurous, be sure not to miss dining at one of the area's haunted restaurants for a meal you may never forget.
Of all his portraits of adventurous sailors, "Gentleman Chucks" in Peter Simple and "Equality Jack" in Mr Midshipman Easy are the most famous, but he created many other types which take rank among the characteristic figures in English fiction.
Palgrave made his adventurous journey through Nejd, and published the remarkable narrative which has taken itslace as the classic of Arabian P Nejd.
He was of an adventurous character, and when nineteen years old went to Paris, where he found employment in business connected with America.
To attain this end he lavished his gold - or rather the gold provided by the clergy in his obedience - without stint, and conceived a succession of the most adventurous projects, of which one at least was to leave a lasting mark on history.
By his vast expenditure, ascribable not only to his wars in Italy, his incessant embassies, and the necessity of defending himself in the Comtat Venaissin against the incursions of the adventurous Raymond of Turenne, but also to his luxurious tastes and princely habits, as well as by his persistent refusal to refer the question of the schism to a council, he incurred general reproach.
The undisciplined hordes of the king of Ossory and the Danes of Wexford could not stand before the Anglo-Norman tacticsthe charge of the knights and the arrowflight of the archers, skilfully combined by the adventurous invaders.
This was Edward, the son of John Baliol, an adventurous baron who collected all the disinherited Scots lords, the members of the old English faction who had been expelled by Bruce, and invaded the realm at their head.
Many offer on-site hotel accommodations, or tickets for theme parks can be included as part of a honeymoon vacation package for an adventurous addition to your honeymoon.
Sometimes they can say they are adventurous because they climbed Mount Everest alone, but then they refuse to take part in a similar yet not-so-adventurous activity like climbing a rock wall at a local amusement park.
Available in vibrant prints and shockingly bold hues, the most mesmerizing shower curtains of the moment reflect an adventurous spirit and an endless enthusiasm.
The more adventurous wannabe space traveler may select a spaceship motif, while others like television show and movie character themes.
You don't need to be as wild and adventurous as a fire sign--that could be downright scary to a Virgo--but you do need to modify things up a little.
If you are feeling really adventurous, discover the surprising harmony and complexity of an avocado, grapefruit and lettuce salad with citrus dressing.
Thus at the opening of the th century, after many adventurous efforts, and the expenditure of many lives and much treasure, the Spaniards found themselves securely established on the river Plate, and had planted a number of centres of trade and colonization in the interior.
Lacerda left a valuable record of his adventurous journey; but with Mungo Park and Lacerda the history of African exploration in the th century closes.
The district in dispute was the site of the fabled Lake of Parima and the Golden City of Manoa, the search for which in the early days of European settlement attracted so many adventurous expeditions, and which fascinated the imagination of Raleigh and drew him to his doom.
The stirring incidents in the political emancipation of Portugal inspired his muse, and he describes the bitterness of exile, the adventurous expedition to Terceira, the heroic defence of Oporto, and the final combats of liberty.
The ruler of the Umtetwa was a chief who had had in early life an adventurous career and was known as Dingiswayo (the Wanderer).
It was at this same time that Sherman broke up his railway communication, destroying Atlanta as a place of arms, and set out on his adventurous expedition.
It was no time for brilliant initiative or adventurous politics; the need was to avoid Scylla and Charybdis, and a via media had to be found in church and state, at home and abroad.
In The Far West, However, A Little Group Of Adventurous Fur Traders, Of Whom Sir Alexander Mackenzie, David Thompson, Alexander Henry And Daniel Williams Harmon May Be Taken As Conspicuous Types, Were Unfolding The Vast Expanse Of The Future Dominion.
In  Arthur Douglas Carey and Andrew Dalgleish, following more or less the tracks of Prjevalsky, contributed much that was new to the map of Asia; and in  Captain (afterwards Sir Francis) Younghusband completed a most adventurous journey across the heart of the continent by crossing the Murtagh, the great mountain barrier between China and Kashmir.
His adversaries vainly endeavoured to gain him by favour, for as court-marshal and senator he was still more hostile to the dominant patricians who followed the adventurous policy of Magnus de la Gardie.
As the king could not abandon Portugal to itself he determined at first to send the prince thither as regent, but Dom Pedro had acquired such popularity by his conduct in the revolution, and had exhibited such a thirst for glory, that the king feared to trust his adventurous spirit in Europe, and decided to go himself.
He had, indeed, a winning personality, and a warm, affectionate and generous nature, which made him greatly beloved by his family and friends; he was humorous, light-hearted, sympathetic, adventurous.
In  its advantageous situation attracted the adventurous trader, Alexander Henry, the first Englishman known to have visited the spot.
His adventurous life, his forcible character, the position of his state as a barrier between the Indian and the Russian empires, and the skill with which he held the balance in dealing with them, combined to make him a prominent figure in contemporary Asiatic politics and will mark his reign as an epoch in the history of Afghanistan.
The first white men to visit the site of Buffalo were undoubtedly the adventurous French trappers and various Jesuit missionaries.
There is no record that the committee ever met until July , when it was summoned to consider the situation in China; and on that occasion it probably formed a useful support to the government, and helped to still apprehension lest a too adventurous policy should be pursued.
The pacific policy of the first two years of Henry VIII.'s reign was succeeded by an adventurous foreign policy directed mainly against France; and Fox complained that no one durst do anything in opposition to Wolsey's wishes.
She travelled extensively in the Near East, making a specially adventurous journey across northern Arabia in - over a practically unknown route, whereby she obtained a knowledge of the country which proved of great value to the British Government when information concerning routes was required for the advance of the British army into Palestine during the World War.
They began where the Arabs left off, by penetrating far into the Atlantic. The long littoral of their country, with its fine harbours and rivers flowing westward to the ocean, had been the training-ground of a race of adventurous seamen.
He had an adventurous journey, being twice imprisoned, driven about for three months on the sea, and reaching Strassburg in the midst of the Schmalkaldic war.
The original part covers the period from -, and is to some extent an autobiography of a very adventurous life.
Carried away by the Russians in his early youth, he settled in Rumania, learned Church music, and became one of its best exponents, married four times, had an adventurous life, but lived among the people for whom he wrote and composed his tunes.
The adventurous orchid-hunter, however, has penetrated deeply into their recesses in search of choice varieties, and collectors of these valuable plants are largely indebted to Colombia for their specimens of Cattleya Mendelli, Warscewiczii and Trianae; Dowiana aurea; Odontoglossum crispum, Pescatorei, vexillarium, odoratum, coronarium, Harryanum, and blandum; Miltonia vexillaria; Oncidium carthaginense and Kramerianum; Masdevalliae, Epidendra, Schomburgkiae and many others.
The first recorded visit of a European to the site of Minneapolis was that of Father Louis Hennepin, the French Jesuit missionary, who discovered and named the Falls of St Anthony in ; but it is almost certain that he was preceded by some of the adventurous coureurs des bois, few of whom left records of their extensive wanderings, and Radisson and Groseilliers seem to have visited this region two decades before Hennepin.
The advance is marked by the removals of the capital forward from Cangas de Ona to Oviedo, from Oviedo to Leon, and by the settlement of adventurous frontier men in the ancient Bardulia, which from their peels, and towers of strength, gained the name of Castilla the castles.
His programme included drastic proposals for financial reform, which necessarily precluded an adventurous policy abroad or any additional expenditure on armaments, principles which necessarily brought him into conflict with the military and naval interests.
In spite of the reluctance of his wife, and the opposition of the Sicilian nobles, he accepted the invitation; and having recognized the papal supremacy over Sicily, and procured the coronation of his son Henry as its king, reached Germany after an adventurous journey in the autumn of .
She'd teased and flirted with him, adventurous one minute and submissive the next in a way that made him burn hotter for her.
Since its launch in March , it has been a significant force in supporting creatively adventurous and pioneering musical activity.
If you're feeling adventurous you could try some of the profiles specific to your printer you will find lower down the list.
Don't be afraid to try different flavors, the more aromatic the more adventurous you will appear to newly found amigos.
The PRS Foundation for New Music The PRS Foundation for New Music (PRSF) is a refreshingly approachable and adventurous funding body.
Hundreds of kilometers of coastline, many of which are still unexplored, make the Maltese archipelago a favorite with adventurous divers.
The photo on the left above shows a particularly artistic arrangement from February  and is followed by a less adventurous effort from March.
There's coffee and dates on arrival, a well-stocked bar for the sedentary and camel rides and sandboarding for the adventurous.
For the adventurous the trip to loch Einich will provide a technical challenge, and a view of the remote loch long remembered.
Stretching altest , miles from Moscow to Vladivostok, the very name of this engineering marvel evokes images of exotic, adventurous, travel.
Meanwhile, former soap starlet Donna Peters greatly impressed the judges with her slightly more adventurous Twelve Step Chainsaw Plan to a Better You.
Northern Thailand Some of the best new arrivals for the stylish and adventurous traveler can be found in the North of Thailand.
Two years after the return of Cabot, the news of Francisco Pizarro's marvellous conquest of Peru reached Europe (), and stirred many an adventurous spirit to strive to emulate his good fortune.
Meantime, from the new colony of Adelaide, South Australia, on the shores of Gulf St Vincent, a series of adventurous journeys to the north and to the west was begun by Mr Eyre, who explored a country very difficult of access.
The work of prospecting is usually left to adventurous men who are willing to undergo privation and hardship in the hope of large reward though the chances of success are small.
Nevertheless, whatever his chief motive may have been, whether to displace Oxford as leader of the party, to strengthen his position and that of the faction in order to dictate terms to the future king, or to reinstate James, Bolingbroke, yielding to his more impetuous and adventurous disposition, went much further  Berwick's Mem.
The favour shown to Bothwell had not yet given occasion for scandal, though his character as an adventurous libertine was as notable as his reputation for military hardihood; but as the summer advanced his insolence increased with his influence at court and the general aversion of his rivals.
Soon, from Hawaii, Oregon and Sonora, from the Eastern states, the South Seas, Australia, South America and China came an extraordinary flow of the hopeful and adventurous.
Beginning with the sagas of the west, most perfect in style and form, the earliest in subject is that of Gold-Thori (c. ), whose adventurous career it relates; Hensa-porissaga tells of the burning of Blund-Ketil, a noble chief, an event which led to Thord Gelli's reforms next year (c. ); Gislasaga (-) tells of the career and death of that ill-fated outlaw; it is beautifully written, and the verses by the editor (th century) are good and appropriate; Hord's Saga () is the life of a band of outlaws on Whalesfirth, and especially of their leader Hord.
And if this is n't enough to tempt the adventurous traveler then , km off the coast lie the world famous Galapagos Islands.
When we're young, we aren't burdened with all that knowledge and our minds tend to be a bit more adventurous, able to see myriad possibilities.
So the adventurous side of you has come roaring out-you've decided that you're going to get in shape and have a blast all at the same time by purchasing a mountain biking.
In contrast, an adventurous cat with a chronic fear of heights will become a problem not only to its owner, but to neighbors as well.
Tiki wood and bamboo furniture get things started - include tropical inspired bedding, fairy lights to give the room a "sunset" feel, and if you're feeling especially adventurous, hang a surfboard on the wall.
Not only do its notes resound with a seeming inability to blend successfully, they seem practically incongruous - and it's only then that one begins to appreciate just how adventurous Parker really is.
Purchase a jar of foundation that will last you months for $ or satiate your taste for adventurous colors with a $. jar of eye shadow.
If you have adventurous subjects, then you could consider placing each on a different branch and shooting a real "family tree" shot.
If your older children want to be adventurous, you can find other recipes for French toast, pancakes, and scrambled eggs with cheese.
Be adventurous and try making something you've never made before; maybe you'll discover a new staple for your future summer dinner feasts.
You can usually find mulled wine spices pre-mixed at your local market, tea and spice shop, or online but if you feel adventurous or have a cabinet filled with spices you can mix your own.
Whether you want to stay close to home or do something more adventurous, summer jobs for high school students are a way to get work experience.
For adventure lovers less content with catching the rays and taking in the historical sights, there are plenty of options for exciting and adventurous honeymoon destinations.
Although an adventurous bride might be willing to brave an outdoor chapel for her winter marriage ceremony, there are many ways to transform your wedding into a winter wonderland indoors.
If you want to feature a dessert at your reception that's just a little bit adventurous, try an orange wedding cake.
Footless tights are fashionable partly because they're fun--don't be afraid to get adventurous and to let children create their own fashions with footless tights.
More adventurous passengers might enjoy an adventure cruise line such as Windjammer or any number of smaller, more exclusive lines.
In each of these ports of call, passengers are offered a variety of adventurous tours in keeping with Royal Caribbean's active nature.
For some cruise passengers, a shopping trip in the Caribbean may be adventurous enough, but adventure cruises go far beyond typical cruise activities and popular ports of call.
Working on board a cruise ship has many benefits, and if you like the adventurous lifestyle then Royal Caribbean employment may be your ticket to a good wage and an exciting career all over the world.
If you are looking for an adventurous career with excellent benefits, unlimited growth, and unique travel opportunities, consider one of the company's ocean- or land-based jobs.
Playful Swingers Cruises offers erotic vacations for adventurous lifestyle couples with everything from nude pool deck disco parties to naked musicals.
If you're the adventurous type, a traditional relaxing cruise will not satisfy your lust for life, so why not try Alaska active cruises?
If you're the adventurous type, you may want to get off the ship for some up-close looks and hands-on experiences in the beauty and wilderness of Alaska.
Smaller-sized ships not only help preserve the natural ecological environment, but afford adventurous cruisers the opportunity to explore some of the archipelagos' most remote locations.
A Galapagos expedition cruise is a luxury cruise coupled with adventurous and educational activities designed to inspire both your mind and body.
Jewelry that has been inspired by the Twilight film is extremely popular and combines rich romantic styles with a little adventurous flair.
Today, beaded jewelry designers have become much more adventurous and unique beaded jewelry can be created in fabrics and yarns, from natural materials such as seeds and nuts through to precious gold or gemstones.
The leather jacket is an eternally hip garment that should reflect your adventurous approach to style, so the right fit is important!
A plus size fishnet bra may seem a bit unusual at first, but this adventurous, overtly sexy piece is a must for women who enjoy a little something extra in their lingerie collections.
If you are a senior with a love for learning, who enjoys traveling and has an adventurous spirit, then an Elderhostel catalog should be a popular place to look for inspiring trips and programs.
If you are adventurous or already speak a second language, then there are more options for choosing a place to retire.
Whether your favorite activities are quiet ones, like reading a morning newspaper at the library, or more adventurous outdoor activities, simply do all of the things you enjoy most.
General admission day tickets are $ per person, though kids shorter than  inches tall (the minimum height requirement for many of the more adventurous water slides and thrill rides) can receive a  percent discount.
With fun uphill climbs powered by jetted water, followed by plunges, dips, curves, spirals, and other adventurous features common to many types of water slides, these outrageous attractions are sure to offer fun for all their riders.
From adventurous getaways to relaxing retreats, whether guests want to ski, surf, or just enjoy the spa, the Disney Vacation Club can take them there and personal vacation planners will help ensure that every getaway is magical.
During the , foot ride, riders will glide through thick forests and rock-studded canyons, all incorporating special effects, water rapids, and other adventurous tricks.
Finally, for the truly adventurous, Cascade has a three-story tube slide, which also travels outside the building before spitting riders out in the indoor pool.
In addition to having plenty of thrill rides to please adventurous park goers, Kings Island consistently wins awards for their kid-friendly offerings.
First of all, being adventurous or willing to try new things is a great asset when it comes to purchasing inexpensive, good, drinkable wine.
Sometimes, the ideas for wine tasting party can be silly or adventurous, while others have a more serious, educational theme.
On clear nights, the whole family can tent out, or if you have adventurous or older children, they might sleep in the tent and leave the RV to Mom and Dad.
People with red hair are assumed to have bold personalities and short tempers, and they are frequently thought to be adventurous, unafraid, and mischievous.
In truth, however, an individual's personality is not dictated by the color of their hair, though someone with a rare red shade may be bolder and more adventurous as they show off their crimson locks.
Even if you normally take a more adventurous approach to your hair styles and colors, you may be able to take advantage of this year's trends and make the look as unique as ever.
Individuals who have an adventurous streak and love to use their hair as a form of self-expression favor these styles.
Sarah Potempa's traditional work, paired with her adventurous spirit, has made her a great success in a short period of time.
For those of you who are bold, adventurous and love being the center of attention at the beach or pool, fishnet swimwear may just be the next frontier.
Is your little girl made of sugar and spice and everything nice, or is she more of a tomboy that is adventurous and ready to explore her surroundings?
For the less adventurous, plenty of beautiful beach bikinis can be purchased in a range of sizes that are more appropriate for public wear.
Mesh swimsuits are a sexy beachwear alternative, but it may be one that's best to suited to those who are bold and adventurous.
Some kids are naturally more adventurous and will jump right into a lake; others are more cautious and may need coaxing before they're willing to get their feet wet.
If you're the adventurous type with a body that keeps onlookers staring, slip into a tiny bit of material and prance right out the door.
The adventurous story inspires children to engage in imaginative play, and the Bandai toy company has created many items to encourage this.
Depending on the speed at which you set the spinner, you can make a crackling fire or an adventurous exploration.
Trendsetters and trend-followers of the day were no strangers to the decade of excess and its highly adventurous styles, and today many of those same looks are regaining popularity.
You can choose among standard baking accessories, as well as more adventurous attachments, like a meat grinder, pasta maker, or sausage stuffer.
These adventurous kids are the most popular characters, and if you're looking for Dora the Explorer Halloween costumes these are the only costumes you are likely to find.
For the adventurous, you can create a true "bubbly" costume fit for the occasion out of balloons and a nude or beige tone full bodysuit.
If you are really adventurous, consider drawing a handlebar mustache above your lip and adding fake Mexican tattoos to your arms and back.
People who consider themselves sexually adventurous may worry about offending friends, family or colleagues if they are open about their interests in their everyday lives.
If you found your way to this article because you were looking for adult dating online that involves sexually adventurous dating, try the LoveToKnow articles Adult Dating Sites, Online Adult Dating Services, and Adult Dating Chat.
Whether you enjoy a cycling tour through the streets of Italy, an adventurous trek across the high lands, or a historic bus tour of Europe, single tour groups await.
Overall, Alex Sepkus' thoughtful metalwork results in cleverly detailed designs that are both artistic and elegant yet clearly demonstrate a more adventurous personality.
Couples who crave a biker lifestyle and live life on the open road may find Harley Davidson wedding rings a creative and adventurous option to symbolize their marriage.
It is simple to make your own substitute for the cream of mushroom soup, and if you are feeling adventurous, you can even make your own fried onions.
Rooted in the spirit of its adventurous founder, the Chloé brand is known for its luxurious craftsmanship and easy sophistication.
Designed especially for those whose adventurous lifestyles lead them beyond their backyards and perhaps the local shopping mall, Nautica's products are available around the world.
While you are sexually adventurous and don't mind being "dominated", remember that a healthy sexual relationship often begins with mutual respect.
Librans will appreciate the adventurous side of an Aries, but that won't hold a candle to the perfection they can find in the embrace of a Gemini.
As long as you're also adventurous and enjoy social activities, there will be enough to keep your Gemini lover intrigued, at least for a while.
Gemini makes an excellent mate since this sign is fun-loving and just as adventurous as the ram. Aquarius will charm Aries with varied interests, eclectic friends and glamorous lifestyle.
Aries men are typically bold and brash, and they need an equally adventurous and forward thinking partner to keep the fires of desire burning bright.
Aries does have a number of positive traits, and chief among them is the sign's adventurous, pioneering and enthusiastic nature.
Pocahontas, star of Disney's Pocahontas, is an adventurous girl who uses her sharp wit to help bring peace to her tribe and the Jamestown settlers.
Steve Madden uses patent leather and stylish metallics to great effect, both in the classic court shoe and in more adventurous styles, such as the peep-toed 'Lalo'.
Originally, Merrell's specific focus was footwear, but as the needs and interests of adventurous outdoor enthusiasts grew and changed, so too did the company's approach to its targeted merchandise.
The brand offers standard fare like clogs and flats, but it also does boots and sporty sandals for the more adventurous among us.
Although the two were like oil and water, they shared a magical chemistry that led to adventurous storylines in South America and as well as to mysterious underground cities like Eterna.
For those more adventurous souls, take a tethered helium balloon ride over Niagara and experience the area from a wildly different viewpoint.
If there is, take the watch for professional repairs, though if you're adventurous (and willing to take a bit of a risk), you can try removing it yourself with some steel wool.
If you are in an exceedingly adventurous mood, you could even sign up for a resume writing workshop at your local community college.
The adventurous spokesperson for this insurance company has gained some popularity with the saturation of advertisements online and on television.
Let's start with some of the more fun and adventurous looks available and then work our way back to the more conventional styles.
Whether you keep your fishnet lingerie behind closed doors or are more adventurous and sport it with other clothing out in public, there's no doubt that fishnet's main function is to titillate and tease.
Of course, "too bold" is relative to the individual, but if you're a little bit shy and perhaps not particularly adventurous, this could be a good way to dip your toe into the water, without getting drenched.
We have an assortment of beautiful and elegant lingerie while at the same time offering the more adventurous woman something to excite her as well.
If you and your guy have plenty of lingerie, romantic gifts for men that are a little more adventurous may be in order.
Hopefully, your partner will react positively to your attempts to add some sizzle to your love life and you might then become more adventurous.
Going the sheer route is a great idea for anyone that wants to be a bit more adventurous, but is wary of trying anything that's a bit too avant grade.
If you are a little more adventurous, then join the chat that the website hosts which is every Thursday one hour before the show and goes for two hours after the show.
If you are the adventurous type, you can walk the Tongariro Crossing and climb up Mount Doom and follow in the footsteps of Frodo and Sam in Return of the King.
No matter what colors you choose to combine, or the placement of the stripes on your zebra pattern, make sure you pair your pedicure with open toe shoes or sandals to show off your adventurous spirit and uninhibited side.
The Law differs slightly depending on the language, but generally consists of being polite, trustworthy, adventurous, friendly, and improving the world around her.
Cruises provide you with so many luxurious and fun filled activities, your trip is sure to be romantic, relaxing and adventurous.
It was chiefly the mineral wealth of the Cordilleran region, first developed on the far Pacific slope, and later in many parts of the inner mountain ranges, that urged pioneers across the dry plains into the apparently inhospitable mountain region; there the adventurous new-corners rapidly worked out one mining district after another, exhausting and abandoning the smaller camps to early decay and rushing in feverish excitement to new-found river fields, but establishing important centres of varied industries in the more important mining districts.
Often they were separated one from the other by large stretches of territory under the rule of a hostile prince and their trade was peculiarly liable to attack by an adventurous body of knights.
Ascertainable fact concerning Eustace is less picturesque, but enough is known to show that he was an adventurous and unscrupulous scoundrel.
As in Phoenicia, pressure created by the narrow limits of the home country coincided with an adventurous desire to seek new sources of wealth beyond seas; but very many Greek emigrations were caused by the expulsion of the inhabitants of conquered cities, or by the intolerable domination of a hated but triumphant faction within the native state.
The Ghadamsi merchants have been known for centuries as keen and adventurous traders, and their agents are to be found in the more important places of the western and central Sudan, such as Kano, Katsena, Kanem, Bornu, Timbuktu, as well as at Ghat and Tripoli.
Shortly afterwards he nearly perished during a storm in an adventurous voyage to the Solovetsky Islands in that Acts minimizes rather than exaggerates this Chronology of Peter's act i vity; the Antiochian tradition probably represents a period of missionary activity with a centre at Antioch; similarly the tradition of work in Asia the White Sea.
But although the personality of Odysseus may have had its origin in some primitive religious myth, chief interest attaches to him as the typical representative of the old sailor-race whose adventurous voyages educated and moulded the Hellenic race.
For his adventurous and imaginative spirit Italy and the imperial title had an irresistible charm, and in , two years after he had ascended the throne, he crossed the Alps, being crowned emperor at Rome in June .
If you're feeling adventurous, they can be traded for a kiss or a drink when you're out on the town.
If you're feeling adventurous, purchase some real edible insects, such as chocolate-covered grasshoppers or bug suckers with a real bug encased in a sugary shell.
Miles made his adventurous journey through Oman, while Theodore Bent threw searchlights backwards into ancient Semitic history by his investigations in the Bahrein Islands in  and in Hadramut in  - n northern Asia it is impossible to follow in detail the results of the organized Russian surveys.
A most interesting and adventurous episode in connexion with Russian trade was the effort repeated over several successive years by the late Captain Wiggins to convey tea entirely by sea from Chinese ports around the North Cape and through the Kara Sea to the Obi and Yenisei rivers.
His novels, for the most part published first in London, reflect his wild adventurous life, the best known being The Son of the Wolf (); The Call of the Wild (); Moon Face (); Martin Eden (); South Sea Tales (), and his last, The Little Lady of the Big House ().
The Wrecker, an adventurous tale of American life, which mainly belonged to an earlier time, was written in collaboration with Mr Lloyd Osbourne and finally published in ; and towards the close of that very eventful and busy year he began The Justice Clerk, afterwards Weir of Hermiston.
Her life was as strange and adventurous as any of her novels, which are for the most part idealized versions of the multifarious incidents of her life.
He is the great sportsman, the incomparable archer, the lover of the greenwood and of a free life, brave, adventurous, jocular, open-handed, a protector of women.
The death of the adventurous John at Crecy, and the election of his son as emperor, still further improved the situation.
As he watched Cesare Borgia at this, the most brilliant period of his adventurous career, the man became idealized in his reflective but imaginative mind.
Even in the Homeric poems, which belong to an age when the great Minoan civilization was already decadent, the Cretans appear as the only Greek people who attempted to compete with the Phoenicians as bold and adventurous navigators.
The whistle of the locomotive penetrates my woods summer and winter, sounding like the scream of a hawk sailing over some farmer's yard, informing me that many restless city merchants are arriving within the circle of the town, or adventurous country traders from the other side.
By instinct and temperament he was more impelled to the adventurous toils of exploration than to the duller task of building colonies.
And when it was considered that he had made sufficient advancement in his military accomplishments, he took his sword to the priest, who laid it on the altar, blessed it, and returned it to him. Afterwards he either remained with his early master, relegating most of his domestic duties to his younger companions, or he entered the service of some valiant and adventurous lord or  Sainte Palaye, Memoires, i.
