
When the count came to see her she turned anxiously round at the sound of a man's footstep, and then her face resumed its cold and malevolent expression.
Do not seek so anxiously to be developed, to subject yourself to many influences to be played on; it is all dissipation.
Natasha and Nicholas often noticed their parents conferring together anxiously and privately and heard suggestions of selling the fine ancestral Rostov house and estate near Moscow.
Like his horse, which turned its head and laid its ears back, he shrank from the driving rain and gazed anxiously before him.
He was anxiously sensitive about the opinion of others, eager for their sympathy and regard, and, in general, impressionable to their influence.
As he looked anxiously out for the pierheads at Ostend, breakers suddenly loomed up on the starboard bow, and before the ship could turn she was ashore.
Katie tossed her coat at the rack and watched anxiously as the pole danced around the concrete floor before settling down.
Fred was anxiously glancing between her bedroom and the front door where he was expecting the arrival of Bird Song's latest domestic helper candidate.
Carmen caught her breath and put a hand to her mouth anxiously, but the foal scrambled up from the ground and shook herself.
But he who anxiously contending with his own infirmity has recourse to faith, is already in a great measure victorious.
Powdered footmen, in livery with buckled shoes and smart stockings, stood at every door anxiously noting visitors' every movement in order to offer their services.
Although it has only been a short while since the original Palm Pre was released, many enthusiasts are anxiously awaiting the release of the next Palm Pre or its suitable successor.
He had been beleaguered there since the previous November, suffering the most terrible privations and we had been anxiously awaiting news.
In the meanwhile all parties looked anxiously to the convention of Ocana, which was to assemble in March , for a decided expression of the national will.
Even before the first device has worn out its welcome, countless enthusiasts are anxiously awaiting the arrival of the second generation iPhone.
The Lutherans interpreted this to mean the right to frame ecclesiastical regulations for various principalities and to make changes in public worship. Luther busied himself in simplifying the service, in giving advice, - anxiously sought for, about the best modes of organising ecclesiastical affairs.
The anxiously awaited Friday return occurred not with a bang but the hiss of a deflated balloon as Howie snuck out early and remained invisible the entire weekend.
On the way Double-banded coursers hurried away anxiously from our approach only to stop again suddenly to look back at us.
Many scrappers anxiously wait for conventions to come to a city near their hometown, so they can get in on the action.
Not knowing what to expect, the show's cast, crew, writers and producers anxiously awaited the public's response…and what a response it was.
While the world anxiously awaits news of the new baby, Julianna and her new husband happily prepare for its arrival.
Whilst all who approached the queen bore witness to her candour and reasonableness in relation to her ministers, all likewise proclaimed how anxiously she considered advice that was submitted to her before letting herself be persuaded that she must accept it for the good of her people.
Meanwhile the prophet's father, Suddhodana, who had anxiously watched his son's career, heard that he had given up his asceticism, and had appeared as a Wanderer, an itinerant preacher and teacher.
The head butler, napkin on arm, was scanning the setting of the table, making signs to the footmen, and anxiously glancing from the clock to the door by which the prince was to enter.
Only the delighted "Uncle" dismounted, and cut off a pad, shaking the hare for the blood to drip off, and anxiously glancing round with restless eyes while his arms and legs twitched.
Disturbed to the centre of his being he anxiously sought the meaning of it all, and then he saw on his body the Stigmata of the Crucified."
