
On July   he accepted under the title of" Mindove II., King of Lithuania,"thus strangely choosing the style of a heathen prince of the th century who fiercely resisted the Teutonic order.
On both sides was civil war, urged as fiercely as that against the common enemy, in which the parties sought allies indiscriminately among Christians and Mahommedans.
However fiercely conducted, it failed, though the Uniate Church with slighter powers of resistance was now completely forced into Orthodoxy, its ceremonial being definitely forbidden and its monasteries dissolved.
In many ways he was a typical Mahommedan, fiercely hostile towards unbelievers - "Let us purge the air of the air they breathe" was his aim for the demons of the Cross, - intensely devout and regular in prayers and fasting.
Disputes had been constantly recurring between Dutch and English traders in the East Indies and elsewhere, and the seeds were already sown of that stern rivalry which was to issue in a series of fiercely contested wars.
The zeal, industry and courage displayed by the grand pensionary during the course of this fiercely contested naval struggle could scarcely have been surpassed.
The parents pay no further attention to them, except the pythons, which incubate their eggs by coiling their body over them, and fiercely defend them.
Wrathful at the failure of his protest and at the continuance of the republican government, Prynne attacked his adversaries fiercely in print.
On the th of February , however, Amedeo, abandoned by his partisans and attacked more fiercely than ever by his opponents, signed his abdication.
The French army now fiercely attacked Wellington all along the line; and the culminating point of this phase was reached when Napoleon sent forward the Guard, less  battalions, Fifth .
In Poland proper the szlachta were fiercely opposed to the magnates; and the Protestants seemed bent upon still further castigating the clergy.
In the Systeme social ( ), the Politique naturelle (-) and the Morale universelle () Holbach attempts to rear a system of morality in place of the one he had so fiercely attacked, but these later writings had not a tithe of the popularity and influence of his earlier work.
A few days after this battle (called Peach Tree Creek) took place the battle of Atlanta, which was fiercely contested by the veterans of both sides, and in which McPherson, one of the best generals in the Union army, was killed.
Several of the viceroy's measures, notably the Ilbert Bill of  - so named after its author Sir Courtenay Ilbert - irritated the Anglo-Indian population, and it was fiercely assailed.
In  he fiercely assailed the practice of receiving interest or rent, and he henceforth lived on his capital, which he gave freely to friends, dependants, public societies, charitable and social objects.
Though most of the Silesian dynasts seemed ready to acquiesce, the burghers of Breslau fiercely repudiated the new suzerain, and before he could enforce his claims to homage he was ousted by the Hungarian king, Matthias Corvinus, who was readily recognized as overlord () .
The budget presented to the Reichstag by Prince B w, which laid new burdens upon the landed and capitalist classes, was fiercely opposed bytheAgrarians, and led to the break-up of the Liberal-Conservative bloc on whose support the chancellor had relied since the elections of .
Akhenatons reform had not reached deep amongst the masses of the population; they probably retained all their old religious customs and superstitions, while the priesthoods throughout the country must have been fiercely opposed to the heretics work, even if silenced during his lifetime by force and bribes.
Kleist made a most stubborn resistance on the Burk ridge, and Bertrand's corps was called up by Napoleon to join in the battle; but part of Blucher's corps fiercely engaged Bertrand, and Burk was not taken till  P.M.
The more fiercely he denounced infallibility, the confessional, the sacramental system, the larger these things bulked in the eyes of Rome.
The controversy between the old and the new schools raged so fiercely, and the victory has remained so obviously in the hands of the latter, that it is difficult, especially for a foreigner, to hold the balance perfectly even.
He was still secretary when the Canadian rebellion broke out in ; his wavering and feeble policy was fiercely attacked in parliament; he became involved in disputes with the earl of Durham, and the movement for his supercession found supporters even among his colleagues in the cabinet.
For a century or more the Tangalai and Vadagalai sects, connected with the worship of the temple, have been quarrelling fiercely as to the form of this symbol; the questions arising out of this led to much litigation, and though final judgment was given by the privy council, the matter still constitutes a danger to the peace.
Sometimes, indeed, he denounces fiercely enough the arts and pretensions of priests; but no one has embodied with such profound spiritual insight some of the most vital moments of the Christian story.
He maintained an attitude of defiance and of "Roman resolution," smiled scornfully at his questioners, making no secret of his intentions, replied to the king, who asked why he would kill him, that the pope had excommunicated him, that "dangerous diseases require a desperate remedy," adding fiercely to the Scottish courtiers who surrounded him that "one of his objects was to blow back the Scots into Scotland."
At the same time he fell fiercely upon the great lords of the Welsh Marches, who had been indulging in private wars; when.
But he was too fiercely in earnest in his horror of Jacobinism to allow mere party associations to guide him.
The trial of  prisoners sent up from Nantes led to so many terrible disclosures that public feeling turned still more fiercely against the Jacobins; Carrier himself was condemned and executed; and in November the Jacobin Club was closed.
At no other historical crisis have passions been more fiercely excited; at none have shameless disregard of truth and blind credulity been more common.
When that disaster fell upon the country it found a teeming population fiercely competing for a very narrow margin of subsistence; and so widespread and devastating were its effects that between  and  over ,, of the Irish people emigrated to other lands.
However, fiercely ambitious and determined, it did not take long for Thomas to find a new way to occupy himself.
Marx and Engels were fiercely critical of these various strands of socialism, as the final sections of the Manifesto explain in some detail.
But he is also a trainer who has gathered a fiercely loyal following among the nation's punters over the years.
No quarter was asked nor given in a fiercely contested, often ill-tempered clash from which Leeds emerged with flying colors.
The well-known and fiercely competitive online auction marketplace has released positions for Wolverhampton Wanderers and Clubs all over the UK.
Matthias was the elect of the Hungarian people, gratefully mindful of his father's services to the state and inimical to all foreign candidates; and though an influential section of the magnates, headed by the palatine Laszlo Garai and the voivode of Transylvania, Miklos Ujlaki, who had been concerned in the judicial murder of Matthias's brother Laszlo, and hated the Hunyadis as semi-foreign upstarts, were fiercely opposed to Matthias's election, they were not strong enough to resist the manifest wish of the nation, supported as it was by Matthias's uncle Mihaly Szilagyi at the head of , veterans.
The last days of Matthias were occupied in endeavouring to secure the succession to the throne for his illegitimate son Janos (see Corvinus, Janos); but Queen Beatrice, though childless, fiercely and openly opposed the idea and the matter was still pending when Matthias, who had long been crippled by gout, expired very suddenly on Palm Sunday, the th of April .
Moreover, the redemption of the railways by the statecontracts for which had been signed by Sella in  on behalf of the Minghetti cabinet with Rothschild at Basel and with the Austrian government at Viennahad been fiercely opposed by the Left, although its members were for the most part convinced of the utility of the operation.
In Transylvania the princes of the Bathory family (-) were ardent disciples of the Jesuit fathers, and Sigismund Bathory in particular persecuted fiercely, his fury being especially directed against the queer judaizing sect known as the Sabbatarians, whose tenets were adopted by the Szeklers, the most savage of " the three nations " of Transylvania, many thousands of whom were, after a bloody struggle, forced to emigrate.
This persecution raged most fiercely towards the end of what is generally called " The Long War," which began in , and lasted till .
It was with these elements - fiercely antagonistic because so closely allied in character - that the battle of Christianity was really fought, and though, after its official adoption, the old religion lingered on as "paganism" and died hard at the end, it was really doomed from the moment when the Augustan revival had taken its irrecoverable bias in the direction of the emperorworship.
On his return he was fiercely assailed by the diet for not risking everything in a pitched battle, but Zolkiewski defended himself with an eloquence which silenced his most venomous opponents.
After burning fiercely for six days it suddenly started afresh in the northern quarter of the city and desolated the regions of the Circus Flaminius and the Via Lata, and by the time that it was finally quenched only four of the fourteen regiones remained untouched; three had been utterly destroyed and seven reduced to ruins.
Once, when berrying, I met with a cat with young kittens in the woods, quite wild, and they all, like their mother, had their backs up and were fiercely spitting at me.
The more the Russian army retreated the more fiercely a spirit of hatred of the enemy flared up, and while it retreated the army increased and consolidated.
Britney fans still fiercely defend her, which is more than can be said for most stars whose lives are on a steady downward spiral.
The song was written in response to the Canadian musician Neil Young's two songs Alabama and Southern Man in which the south's civil rights violations in the late s and early s were fiercely criticized.
Even if you're fiercely proud of your indie style, there's still a way to be fashionable while maintaining your individuality.
The two friends were fiercely competitive and argued over who was the best game player when they came up with the idea to create their own game.
While they practice and compete as fiercely as any other part of the school, some groups struggle to survive and even excel.
At the time, Brad was still married to actress Jennifer Aniston at the time and Angelina fiercely denied the rumor.
At the same time, anyone who is familiar with fancy stones will know that a semi-precious gem is not the same because it does not sparkle so fiercely.
Although this sign is very genial and might not be described as "fiercely independent", an Aquarius does have the potential to become quite upset if his or her independence is threatened.
This will backfire so fiercely that you'll find yourself running to the hills screaming as though your hair were on fire.
Erica Kane’s numerous love affairs are well-documented, but no mother loved as fiercely as Erica did when the diva finally gave birth to here and Travis Montgomery’s child, Bianca.
Guardian angels are usually depicted less fiercely than the archangels, and might be drawn as men or women.Who wears a guardian angel tattoo?
While you will not find France to be homogenous in terms of ethnicity, the French are fiercely protective of the language and traditional French culture.
They had to compete more fiercely than their male counterparts for radio plays since, when DJs and station managers refused to play songs by female artists one immediately after the other, there were fewer playlist spots for them to fill.
She has been fiercely committed to healthy skin, both as a speaker & educator and a creator of some of the best skincare products around.
Napier lived in the very midst of fiercely contending religious factions; there was but little theological teaching of any kind, and the work related to what were then the leading political and religious questions of the day.
It is generally admitted that he had no accurate knowledge either of Spinoza, whose monism he advocated, or of Kant, whose critical philosophy he so fiercely attacked.
But the phrases of the creed seem to have needed sharpening  The first person who doubted the authorship seems to have been Joachim Camerarius, , who was so fiercely attacked in consequence that he omitted the passage from his Latin edition.
Mademoiselle de la Valliere held the position from  to ; she was then ousted by Madame de Montespan, who had fiercely intrigued for it, and whose proud and ambitious temper offered a great contrast to her rival.
The second attack, though pressed even more fiercely, fared no better than the first, and the losses were heavier than before.
Especially did he oppose alliances with France; but the French party in Glarus was strong, and it retaliated so fiercely that in  Zwingli was glad to accept the post of people's priest at Einsiedeln.
On sea in  de Ruyter, in a series of fiercely contested battles, successfully maintained his strenuous and dogged conflict against the united English and French fleets.
Kitchener then moved out and marched towards Omdurman, when he wa,s again twice fiercely attacked on the right flank and rear, MacDonalds brigade bearing the brunt.
The larger species prey fiercely on other kinds of birds, while the smaller content themselves with a diet of small animals, often insects and worms. But however diverse be the appearance, structure or habits of the extremities of the series of species, they are so closely connected by intermediate forms that it is hard to find a gap between them that would justify a generic division.
She nestled herself comfortably in Dorothy's lap until the kitten gave a snarl of jealous anger and leaped up with a sharp claw fiercely bared to strike Billina a blow.
Three weeks later the treaty of Turin ceding Savoy and Nice to France was ratified, though not without much opposition, and Cavour was fiercely reviled for his share in the transaction, especially by Garibaldi, who even contemplated an expedition to Nice, but was induced to desist by the king.
Pope Eugenius () issued a fiercely intolerant missive; the Franciscan John of Capistrano moved the masses to activity by his eloquent denunciations; even Casimir IV.
Though patient and good-tempered in the main, they have a latent warmth of temper, and if oppressed beyond a certain limit they would fiercely turn upon their tormentors.
The strong measures of the Federalists shocked the country; the leaders of the dominant party quarrelled fiercely among themselves; and the Republicans carried the elections of .
Rosecrans, who on the / of October  was fiercely attacked here by General Earl von Dorn, whom he repulsed, both sides suffering considerable losses in killed and wounded, and the Confederates leaving many prisoners behind.
All modern theologians of the Roman Church answer these questions in the affirmative, but from the th to the beginning of the th century they were fiercely agitated with the utmost divergence of opinion and practice.
An unsuccessful attempt upon Crispi's life by the anarchist Lega brought a momentary truce, but Cavallotti's attacks were soon renewed more fiercely than ever.
St Hilaire's (the right centre) division was fiercely engaged by Kolowrat's column, General Miloradovich opposed the left centre attack under Vandamme, but the French leaders were two of the best fighting generals in their army.
These proved his knowledge of the ancient philosophy he so fiercely condemned, and showed that no ignorance of the fathers caused him to seek inspiration from the Bible alone.
Of military antiquities the most remarkable are Tyrone's ditches, near Poyntzpass; and the pass of Moyry, the entry into the county from the south, which was fiercely contested by the Irish in  and , is defended by a castle.
But with the return of the warmer season each male selects a territory, which he fiercely defends against all comers, especially against intruders of his own species and sex, and to which he invites all females, until the nest is filled with ova.
It turns away contemptuously and fiercely from the sentimental aspirations of reformers possessed by the democratic doctrine of the rights of the omnipotent nation.
During the peace he entered parliament as member for Westminster in the fiercely contested election of , was promoted vice-admiral in , and in July of  was appointed to the Board of Admiralty under the second earl of Chatham.
The fight for the villages continued to rage fiercely and incessantly, each side behaving as if its mortal foe was in front.
In March  the king formed a purely Catholic ministry, but it was fiercely attacked by the Liberals, who had for several years been steadily organizing.
He was obliged to defend in  Publius Vatinius, whom he had fiercely attacked during the trial of Sestius; also Aulus Gabinius, one of the consuls to whom his exile was due; and Rabirius Postumus, an agent of Gabinius.
His opportunity seemed to have come when, in the middle of the th century, the Order of the Sword broke up, and the possession of Livonia was fiercely contested between Sweden, Poland and Denmark.
The excesses of Icelandic poetry were specially seen in the so-called rimur, ballads of heroes, &c., which were fiercely attacked by Jonas Hallgrimsson, who at last succeeded in converting the educated to his view.
You could have the libertarian state, the green state, the clothing-optional state, the state with free public housing for all, the state where puns are outlawed, the state with a two-drink minimum, the fiercely pro-business state—even a state that guarantees free speech but requires that you sing your speech like a show tune.
The dilapidated, abandoned facility fiercely defended by the soldiers in Western uniforms was not worth their efforts when compared to the buildings in much better shape down the road.
The Public Safety Bill for the reform of the police laws, taken over by him from the Rudini cabinet, and eventually promulgated by royal decree, was fiercely obstructed by the Socialist party, which, with the Left and Extreme Left, succeeded in forcing General Pelloux to dissolve the Chamber in May , and to resign office after the general election in June.
