
Here for two years he was busily engaged in parochial work, but he found time to write articles on "Apollonius of Tyana," on "Cicero" and on "Miracles" for the Encyclopaedia Metropolitana.
From behind the crystal decanters and fruit vases, the count kept glancing at his wife and her tall cap with its light-blue ribbons, and busily filled his neighbors' glasses, not neglecting his own.
There are some great wartime wrecks and there is a very active artificial reef program busily sinking more wrecks every year.
Hence, cats will usually purr when they are being stroked or are lost in some ineffable trance as they busily tear apart a bedspread.
Since the close of the th century diocesan councils in France had been busily acting as legislatures, and enacting "forms of peace" for the maintenance of God's Peace or Truce (Pax Dei or Treuga Dei).
While the majority of Protestant leaders left the conversion of the heathen to some remote and inscrutable interposition of Providence, the Jesuits, Franciscans, Dominicans and kindred orders were busily engaged in making Roman Catholics of the nations brought by Oriental commerce or American colonial enterprise into contact with Spain, Portugal and France.
Busily engaged in secret negotiations with France, he had retired to his hunting seat at Dieren, when he fell ill with smallpox on the th of October.
I arrived to find my friend's father sitting cross-legged on a rock, a knife clasped between his teeth, busily cleaning mackerel.
He was busily sucking down some small black midge which had become trapped in a calm slick at the edge of the loch.
A green sandpiper feed busily from the gravely beach, which will soon provide breeding areas for little ring plover and common sandpiper.
In fact, the s were a time of great growth for the company which was now busily offering both retail and wholesale shoes for women.
Much like Dolce and Gabbana, Fendi has been busily capturing audiences with its remarkable handbag styles that are truly hard to ignore.
Whether you're a Victorian goth, an industrial goth, or an irritatingly perky glitter goth, specialty stores and online vendors have been busily stocking up a plethora of styles to please your midnight fantasies.
He devoted no less attention to the increase of Corinthian commerce, which in his days plied busily on both eastern and western seas.
He was busily employed up to the end of his life in writing treatises, pamphlets and open letters on subjects of military art and history, and in  he was asked by Napoleon III.
The Egyptian government was too busily engaged in suppressing Arabi's revolt to be able to send any help to Abdel Kader, and in September , when the British troops entered Cairo, the position in the Sudan was very perilous.
The latter had been released from all custody in August, but in the meantime he had been busily engaged in treasonable correspondence with James of Scotland, and was counting on the Irish army under his ally, Charles Blount, Baron Mountjoy (afterwards earl of Devonshire), the new deputy.
The Italian armies on the Julian front had been so busily occupied in attack that they had not worked out the application of new defensive methods.
He took an early interest in archaeological research, and between  and  was busily engaged in studying ancient British remains at Stonehenge and elsewhere; in  he published his book on Stonehenge, with an account of his theories on this subject.
Simultaneously, he was busily reorganizing the public services, especially the army and navy, the former through a French, the latter through a British, mission.
Wurzburg and Frankfort were among the cities which opened their gates to the Swedish king as the deliverer of the Protestants; several princes sought his alliance, and, making the captured city of Mainz his headquarters, he was busily engaged for some months in resting and strengthening his army and in negotiating about the future conduct of the war.
Spinning and weaving are carried on among the people as a household occupation, and fabrics are made of an exceptionally substantial character.It is not uncommon to see the natives busily twirling their rude spindles as they follow their troops of pack animals over rough mountain roads, and the yarn produced is woven into cloth in their own houses on rough Spanish looms of colonial patterns.
Meanwhile he was filling his note-books as busily as ever with the results of his studies in statics and dynamics, in human anatomy, geometry and the phenomena of light and shade.
Meanwhile the principality of Antioch, ruled by Tancred, after the departure of Bohemund (-), and then by Roger his kinsman (-), was, during the reign of Baldwin I., busily engaged in disputes both with its Christian neighbours at Edessa and Tripoli, and with the Mahommedan princes of Mardin and Mosul.
