
He kept on diligently collecting materials, and as he did so was constrained to modify some of the statements he had published.
Even though the aforementioned steps to avoid constipation may be followed diligently by parents, there are some kids who simply seem to have a propensity toward having problems with bowel movements.
In a rigid scientific manner, Dr. Stevenson collected the facts from the children about the deceased person, and then worked diligently to verify whether those facts were true or not.
If you need to work on something more diligently, Gwinnett Yoga Center offers private instruction at the studios or in your home.
When you consider that working out diligently could help you loose six pounds in six weeks, it can be worth the wait.
Because people are urged to wear sunscreen diligently and some people don't get outside much, it's easier now to have a vitamin D deficiency than in the past.
At times, any signs of progress may seem small and almost insignificant, but researchers are working diligently to find a cause, and possibly a cure, for what many believe has become an epidemic among our children.
The records preserved in each city were examined, topographical information was diligently collected, and the Jesuit fathers checked their triangulation by meridian altitudes of the sun and pole star and by a system of remeasurements.
This interval was diligently devoted to the pursuit of classical and historical studies, to preparing himself for ordination, and to searching investigations, under the stimulus of continual discussion with a band of talented and congenial associates, of the profoundest questions in theology, ecclesiastical polity and social philosophy.
He was one of the first Muscovites who diligently collected foreign books, and we hear of as many as sixty-nine Latin works being sent to him at one time from abroad.
His object was to make all the anatomical and physiological acquisitions of his age, even microscopical anatomy, which he diligently studied, available for use in the practice of medicine.
He worked diligently at original manuscript authorities at Simancas, the Record Office and Hatfield House; but he used his materials carelessly, and evidently brought to his investigation of them a mind already made up as to their significance.
According to the title-page the New Testament was " translated faithfvlly into English ovt of the authentical Latin, according to the best corrected copies of the same, diligently conferred vvith the Greeke and other editions in diuers languages..
At Cambridge he applied himself diligently to the several sciences as then taught, and came to the conclusion that the methods employed and the results attained were alike erroneous.
Nine pounds for ninety pages on a film you might have trouble finding at even the most diligently cataloged video shop often seems extravagant.
The fraud will be investigated just as diligently on a family member as it would be if the fraudulent use was by someone you don't know.
Editors review every article in a timely manner, and each writer diligently works to provide you with unbiased and helpful information.
Born in the Bronx in , Jennifer Lopez diligently worked to hone her skills as a dancer before landing a role as a "Fly Girl" on television's In Living Color.
Some facets of communication and discussion are innate, but a person who isn't gifted with social graces or an outgoing personality can still become successful at public relations by studying diligently.
No matter how diligently you've planned, there will always be surprises as you begin the retirement phase of your life.
Remixers work diligently on their own projects, using songs from as far back as the Commodore  through the Super Nintendo Entertainment System and today's PlayStation , Xbox, Game Cube and Game Boy hits.
The Minnesota government is working diligently to stop the trend of foreclosures since the situation is not only bad for homeowners, but for the entire community as well.
Virgo's partner can expect that this sign will work diligently to correct whatever ails their relationship, not just out of love, but out of principle.
Although Facebook works diligently to prevent violations to your privacy, for example through Facebook profile trackers, you should still take steps to protect yourself as well.
Here all the prescriptions of puritypartly connected with national customs, and impossible of execution abroad were diligently observed; and even the injunction not to pollute earth with corpses, but to cast out the dead to vulture and dog, was obeyed in its full force.
If you're serious about fading your stretch marks, hit the drugstore and stock up on either cocoa butter or aloe Vera gel and apply them diligently, concentrating on the areas that are the most burdensome and embarrassing.
From Rome it passed to Constantinople; at the end of the th century it was diligently studied by Leo VI., who himself wrote a work on tactics; and in the middle of the th century Constantine Porphyrogenitus mentioned it as one of the most valuable books in the imperial library.
Pressing danger could only exist if Blucher had gone northwards, and northwards, therefore, in the Dyle valley, he should have diligently sought for traces of the Prussian retreat.'
Entering the university of Erlangen in , he soon began to devote his attention to the history of the German language and literature, and in  went to Munich, where he remained five years, and diligently availed himself of the use of the government library for the purpose of prosecuting his historical studies.
On the other hand, it is known that it was being diligently, copied by Assur-bani-pal's scribes (th century B.C.), and in view of the circumstances of the Assyrian domination, it is probable that, so far as Palestinian economic conditions permitted, a legislation more progressive than the Pentateuch Paltistinas Erdgeruch in der Israel.
He had diligently studied the works of Jacob Boehme, and there were found amongst his manuscripts copious abstracts from them in his own handwriting.
Without being very plentiful anywhere, it is generally distributed in suitable localities throughout its range - those localities being such as afford it a sufficient supply of food, consisting during the greater part of the year of insects, which it diligently seeks on the boles and larger limbs of old trees; but in autumn and winter it feeds on nuts, beech-mast, the stones of yew-berries and hard seeds.
The ample revenues which his predecessors had consumed in pomp and luxury he diligently applied to the establishment of hospitals; and the multitudes who were supported by his charity preferred the eloquent discourses of their benefactor to the amusements of the theatre or of the circus.
Stimulated by the high price paid by the British Museum, the quarry owners diligently searched, and in  another, much finer, preserved specimen was found.
Encouraged by their success, he devoted himself diligently to this kind of composition, but refrained for a long time from either publicly reciting or publishing his verses.
Thereafter he had no settled charge, but, until his death at Hartford on the th of February , he occasionally preached and was diligently employed as an author.
In copper-engraving Diirer was at the same time diligently training himself to develop the methods practised by Martin Schongauer and earlier masters into one suitable for his own self-expression.
Elected as the tool of the bigoted orthodox party in the Church, Michael diligently persecuted the iconoclasts on the northern and eastern frontiers of the empire, but meanwhile allowed the Bulgarians to ravage a great part of Macedonia and Thrace; having at last taken the field in the spring of , he was defeated near Bersinikia, and Leo the Armenian was saluted emperor in his stead in the following summer.
At the close of  he was acting as the earl's confidential adviser, and exerted himself, together with his brother Anthony, diligently in the earl's service.
There is evidence that he was an extensively read, if not a minutely accurate classical scholar; and it is interesting to know that Demosthenes was his favourite author, and that he diligently cultivated the faculty of expression by the practice of translation and re-translation.
His contemporary, Cassiodorus (c. -c. ), after spending thirty years in the service of the Ostrogothic dynasty at Ravenna, passed the last thirty-three years of his long life on the shores of the Bay of Squillace, where he founded two monasteries and diligently trained their inmates to become careful copyists.
In  his political friend and colleague John Todd Stuart (-), a lawyer in full practice, had urged him to fit himself for the bar, and had lent him text-books; and Lincoln, working diligently, was admitted to the bar in September .
Large sums have been expended on the destruction of locusts; they are now practically harmless, but live locusts are diligently collected every year, a reward being paid by the government for their destruction.
In England every constable when he joins the force makes a declaration and swears that he will serve the sovereign loyally and diligently, and so acquires the rights and privileges of a peace officer of and for the Crown.
