
His pale and mud-stained face--fair and young, with a dimple in the chin and light-blue eyes--was not an enemy's face at all suited to a battlefield, but a most ordinary, homelike face.
He wasn't opposed to having it, but he insisted on sharing it in fair business - and with his wife, more or less.
I'll try my luck closer to the seashore where the scenery is as fair as the little ones I seek.
The hunter who told me this could remember one Sam Nutting, who used to hunt bears on Fair Haven Ledges, and exchange their skins for rum in Concord village; who told him, even, that he had seen a moose there.
Late in the afternoon, as he was resting in the thick woods south of Walden, he heard the voice of the hounds far over toward Fair Haven still pursuing the fox; and on they came, their hounding cry which made all the woods ring sounding nearer and nearer, now from Well Meadow, now from the Baker Farm.
Her skin was prickling the way it did when another deity used magic around her, the fair hair on her arms standing on end.
But he, poor man, disturbed only a couple of fins while I was catching a fair string, and he said it was his luck; but when we changed seats in the boat luck changed seats too.
In the early periods of the history of other countries this seems to have been the case even where the dog was esteemed and valued, and had become the companion, the friend and the defender of man and his home; and in the and century of the Christian era Arrian wrote that "there is as much difference between a fair trial of speed in a good run, and ensnaring a poor animal without an effort, as between the secret piratical assaults of robbers at sea and the victorious naval engagements of the Athenians at Artemisium and at Salamis."
Princess Ozma, dressed in her most splendid robes of state, sat in the magnificent emerald throne, with her jewelled sceptre in her hand and her sparkling coronet upon her fair brow.
Thinking that turn and turn about is fair play, she seized the scissors and cut off one of my curls, and would have cut them all off but for my mother's timely interference.
Mr. Higinbotham, President of the World's Fair, kindly gave me permission to touch the exhibits, and with an eagerness as insatiable as that with which Pizarro seized the treasures of Peru, I took in the glories of the Fair with my fingers.
Her speech lacks variety and modulation; it runs in a sing-song when she is reading aloud; and when she speaks with fair degree of loudness, it hovers about two or three middle tones.
The various continuations of William of Tyre above mentioned represent the opinion of the native Franks (which is hostile to Richard I.); while in Nicetas, who wrote a history of the Eastern empire from  to , we have a Byzantine authority who, as Professor Bury remarks, "differs from Anna and Cinnamus in his tone towards the crusaders, to whom he is surprisingly fair."
The light cavalry had been much improved and the heavy cavalry on the whole proved a fair match for their opponents.
The great fair at Irbit retains its importance, and there are, besides, over  fairs in Tobolsk and over  in other parts of the region.
If contoured maps are available it is easy to build up a strata-relief, which facilitates the completion of the relief so that it shall be a fair representation of nature, which the strata-relief cannot claim to be.
Wines of fair quality are grown in the valley of the Sioule; walnuts, chestnuts, plums, apples and pears are principal fruits.
This he was compelled to renounce upon the marriage of Joan to Philip the Fair, the heir to the crown of France.
In  his tragedy of The Fatal Discovery had a run of nine nights; Alonzo also () had fair success in the representation; but his last tragedy, Alfred (), was so coolly received that he gave up writing for the stage.
His reputation was helped by several clever if somewhat wrong-headed publications, including a satirical pamphlet entitled The Theology and Philosophy of Cicero's Somnium Scipionis (), a defence of the Hutchinsonians in A Fair, Candid and Impartial State of the Case between Sir Isaac Newton and Mr Hutchinson (), and critiques upon William Law () and Benjamin Kennicott ().
In the course of the th century the idea began to prevail that it was fair for the king, in time of war, to levy a taille upon the subjects of the lords having the haute j ustice in various parts of the royal domain.
And the Church policy, as old as the times of Constantine, to crush utterly the man who brings more problems and pressure than the bulk of traditional Christians can, at the time, either digest or resist with a fair discrimination, seemed to the authorities the one means to save the very difficult situation.
In  a fair at Doncaster on the vigil and day of St James the Apostle was confirmed to Robert de Turnham, who held the manor in right of his wife, with the addition of an extra day, for which he had to give the king two palfreys worth loos.
By the charter of  the burgesses received licence to hold a fair on the vigil, feast and morrow of the Annunciation, and this with the fair on St James's day was confirmed to them by Henry VII.
He showed that there was, on the whole, a fair agreement between the values determined ballistic ally and those given by the formula B = -F.
The earliest record of a grant of market rights is in , when Roger la Zouch obtained a grant of a weekly market and a two days' fair at the feast of St Helen, in consideration of a fine of one palfrey.
The palace at Mandvi, and a tomb of one of their princes at Bhuj, are fair specimens of their architectural skill.
The yearly fair in connexion with the feast of San Fermin (July ), the patron saint of the city, attracts a large concourse from all parts of northern Spain.
Here Sir Walter Scott lived for six years and De Quincey for nineteen, and William Tennant (-), author of Anster Fair, was the parish dominie.
A grant of a yearly fair on the st of March, the feast of St Aldhelm, was obtained from William II., and another for three days from the th of July from John.
It certainly is fair to look at that class by whose labor the works which distinguish this generation are accomplished.
The shower was now over, and a rainbow above the eastern woods promised a fair evening; so I took my departure.
Because of its central proximity to other larger cities, this quaint town gets a fair share of adventure travelers and college students.
Because it receives its fair share of visitors every year, restaurants and other dining options are numerous in the city.
Of course, to be fair, Sam was an employee and Alex would have to live with the results of whatever she did … like killing his horse.
They are typical Berbers in physique, tall, well made and muscular, with European features and fair skins bronzed by the sun.
It receives from the north several intermittent streams, the chief, usually carrying a fair amount of water, being the Khulu or Kolimbine, coming from the Kaarta plateau.
Hugh de Gurnay held a fair in Wendover on the eve, feast and morrow of St John the Baptist, granted him in  .
Another fair was granted to John de Molyns in-on the eve, feast and morrow of St Barnabas, but in  Edward IV.
This fair, which is still held, and another on Palm Tuesday, are mentioned in the Quo Warranto roll of .
But it is hardly fair to contrast his practical counsel with the more ethical and spiritual teaching of the earlier Hebrew prophets.
A weekly market on Wednesdays was granted to John, earl of Richmond, in  together with an eight days' fair beginning on the vigil of St Margaret's day, and in  John de la Pole, earl of Suffolk, one of his successors as lord of the manor, received a further grant of the same market and also two yearly fairs, one on the feast of St Philip and St James and the other at Michaelmas.
The market is still held on Wednesdays, and in  the Michaelmas fair and another on May-day were in existence.
The tall, fair and blue-eyed individuals who are found to the north-east of the Seine and in Normandy appear to be nearer in race to the Scandinavian and Germanic invaders; a tall and darker type with long faces and aquiline noses occurs in some parts of Franche-Cont and Champagne, the Vosges and the Perche.
Coal of a very fair description was discovered in the basin of the Irwin river, in Western Australia, as far back as the year .
The pianoforte trios of Haydn are perhaps the only-works of first-rate artistic importance in which there is no doubt that the earlier stages of the new art do not admit of sufficient polyphony to give the instruments fair play.
One of the earliest monuments records the purchase by a king of a large estate for his son, paying a fair market price and adding a handsome honorarium to the many owners in costly garments, plate, and precious articles of furniture.
The Code enacted that if the landlord would re-enter before the term was up, he must remit a fair proportion of the rent.
The Code also regulated the liquor traffic, fixing a fair price for beer and forbidding the connivance of the tavern-keeper (a female!) at disorderly conduct or treasonable assembly, under pain of death.
The Saturday market, which was held up to the th century, is mentioned in , and was confirmed by royal charter in , together with a fair at Michaelmas.
It was bold policy to confide Frederick to his greatest enemy and rival; but the pope honorably discharged his duty, until his ward outgrew the years of tutelage, and became a fair mark for ecclesiastical hostility.
Thus the best approximation to the average depth of the ocean is little more than an expert guess; yet a fair approximation is probable for the features of sub-oceanic relief are so much more uniform than those of the land that a smaller number of fixed points is required to determine them.
The state fair grounds of  acres adjoin the city, and there is also a beautiful cemetery of  acres.
It is, however, fair to state that his system was not built entirely upon these muscular variations, but rather upon a more laborious combination of anatomical characters, which were so selected that they presumably could not stand in direct correlation with each other, notably the oil-gland, caeca, carotids, nasal bones and above all, the muscles of the thigh.
An excellent system of parks- within the city with an aggregate area of  acres, and  with an aggregate area of  acres just outside the city limits - adds to the beauty of the city, among the most attractive being the Riverside, the St Clair, the University, the Military, the Fair View, the Garfield and the Brookside.
Before the th century the burgesses held a weekly market on Sunday and a yearly fair on St James's day, but in  Henry III.
The paroxysm is followed by a definite interval in which there is not only no fever, but even a fair degree of bodily comfort and fitness; this is the intermission of the fever.
He took part in the siege of Yorktown, the battle of Fair Oaks, the seven days' battle before Richmond, and the battles of Antietam, Fredericksburg, where he was wounded, and Chancellorsville, where his brigade was reduced in numbers to less than a regiment, and General Meagher resigned his commission.
In  the bishop of Sarum and the monks of Sherborne held the place, which seems to have been of fair size and an agricultural centre.
A fair proportion of Jews have been elected to the House of Commons, and Mr Herbert Samuel rose to cabinet rank in .
In  Falkes de Breaute, then custodian of the borough, rendered a palfrey for holding a three days' fair at the feast of All Saints, transferred in  to the feast of St Margaret, and still held under that grant.
The praise of the fair sex in the first poem is exceptional in the literature of his age; and its geniality may help us to understand the author's popularity with his contemporaries.
Asia Minor and the north-western half of Arabia lie outside such a great circle, which otherwise indicates, with fair accuracy, the north-western boundary of Asia.
The Xanthochroi have fair skins, blue eyes and light hair; and others have dark skins, eyes and hair, and are of a slighter frame.
And in regard to Reid's favourite proof of the principles in question by reference to "the consent of ages and nations, of the learned and unlearned," it is only fair to observe that this argument assumes a much more scientific form in the Essays, where it is almost identified with an appeal to "the structure and grammar of all languages."
St Audrey was St Etheldreda, who founded Ely cathedral, and it is generally accepted that tawdry-laces or tawdries were necklaces bought at St Audrey's Fair on the th of October.
In November  the earldom of Chester was granted to his nephew John the Scot, earl of Huntingdon (c. -), and in , nine years after John had died childless, it was annexed to the English crown "lest so fair a dominion should be divided among women."
During the middle ages the Friday market and fair in Whit week, granted by the first charter, were centres for the sale of yarn and cloth called "Dunsters," made in the town.
A market on Wednesday and a fortnightly fair on the same day from the Feast of St Mark to that of St Andrew are claimed under a charter of Charles II.
It is in a region especially devoted to the growing of cotton and grain and to poultry raising, and an annual county fair is held here.
Nevertheless the proceedings of St Cloud on the day following bade fair to upset the best-laid schemes of Bonaparte and his coadjutors.
A Crofters' Commission constituted under the acts has power to fix fair rents, and the crofter on renunciation of his tenancy or removal from his holding is entitled to compensation for permanent improvements.
Some of the native cottons are of fair quality, but Egyptian cotton appears likely to be best suited for growing for export.
The descent of alchemistical doctrine can thus be traced with fair continuity for a thousand years, from the Greeks of Alexandria down to the time when Latin alchemy was firmly established in the West, and began to be written of by historical authors like Albertus Magnus, Roger Bacon and Arnoldus Villanovanus in the th century.
Then came the stress of war in Europe, a wretched neutrality at home, fierce outbreaks of human passions, and the fair structure of government by a priori theories based on the goodness of unoppressed humanity came to the ground.
The principal interest of the following centuries lies in the researches of successive travellers, who may be said to have rediscovered the city, and in the fate of its ancient monuments, several of which were still in fair preservation at the beginning of this period.
It accepted the Brenner as a fair strategic line on the north, but argued that the Treaty of London was no longer applicable in respect of Italy's eastern frontier, since the line which it traced was designed to secure Italy against future Austro-Hungarian aggression, and AustriaHungary had by now ceased to exist.
For the later stages of the history of the Psalter we have, as we have seen, a fair amount of evidence pointing to conclusions of a pretty definite kind.
A few elephants, giraffes and zebras (equus burchelli - the true zebra is extinct) are still found in the north and north-eastern districts and in the same regions lions and leopards survive in fair numbers.
The Lao, who descended from the mountain districts of Yunnan, Szechuen and Kweichow to the highland plains of upper Indo-China, and drove the wilder Kha peoples whom they found in possession into the hills, mostly adopted Buddhism, and formed small settled communities or states in which laws were easy, taxes light and a very fair degree of comfort was attained.
Beginning with the earliest versions of the Bible, which seem to date from the nd century A.D., the series comprises a great mass of translations from Greek originals - theological, philosophical, legendary, historical and scientific. In a fair number of cases the Syriac version has preserved to us the substance of a lost original text.
A fair of twenty days from the vigil of Holy Trinity was granted to the bishop of Ely in .
The mart still occupies by custom the interval between Lynn mart, of which it is probably an offshoot, and Stamford fair in mid-Lent.
Importance attaches to the horse fair, held in in the week before Whitsuntide and now on the second Thursday in May and on July , and to the cattle fair in the beginning of August.
In  the corporation of Cardiff complained of Cardiff's impoverishment by reason of a fair held every three weeks for the previous four years at Caerphilly, though "no Borough."
It is at first sight remarkable that Voltaire, whose comic power was undoubtedly far in excess of his tragic, should have written many tragedies of no small excellence in their way, but only one fair second-class comedy, Nanine.
But that he was merely a mocker, which Carlyle and others have also said, is not strictly true or fair.
The present Westminster Bridge, of iron on granite piers, was opened in , but another preceded it, dating from ; the view from which was appreciated by Wordsworth in his sonnet beginning " Earth has not anything to show more fair."
Here was established, by licence from James I., the so-called Milk Fair, which remained, its ownership always in the same family, until , when, on alterations being made to the Mall, a new stall was erected for the owners during their lifetime, though the cow or cows kept here were no longer allowed.
Many of the names of the rich residential streets and squares in the west have associations with the various owners of the properties; but Mayfair is so called from a fair held on this ground in May as early as the reign of Charles II.
Among these are the Corn Exchange in Mark Lane, where the privilege of a fair was originally granted by Edward I.; the Wool Exchange, Coleman Street; the Coal Exchange, Lower Thames Street; the Shipping Exchange, Billiter Street; and the auction mart for landed property in Tokenhouse Yard.
A frost almost as severe as the memorable one of-occurred in the winter of  , and the Thames was again the scene of a busy fair.
A chap-book called Vida politica y militar de Don Tomas Zumalacarregui, which gives the, facts of his life with fair accuracy, is still very popular in Spain.
The invaders of Helles had secured but a precarious foothold on Ottoman soil by the morning of the th, twenty-four hours after starting operations; but fair progress was made by them during the course of this second day.
Although sustained by a fair number of guns and with the moral support of the rd Division, which had disembarked during the night, the th and th Divisions could make no headway.
Large bodies of infantry with a fair proportion of guns still remained on shore on the th, but of these roughly half - about io, men and a number of guns in each area - were removed that night, so that on the th only a meagre force, composed almost wholly of infantry and disposed almost entirely in the trenches, was holding a long front face to face with a numerically far stronger enemy.
In its three chief mineral products, earthoil, coal and gold, Burma offers a fair field for enterprise and nothing more.
Of the reign of the last Babylonian king, Nabonidus, however, and the conquest of Babylonia by Cyrus, we now have a fair amount of information.'
Both at Euyuk and Yasili Kaya reliefs in one and the same series are widely separated in artistic conception and execution, some showing the utmost naiveté, others expressing both outline and motion with fair success.
By the first of these () the town was granted a fair on St Margaret's Day (July ) and as the abbey had extensive sheep walks the trade in wool was considerable.
The chief local industry is farming, and an annual fair is held in September for the sale of live stock.
But the importation of foreignsugar, cheapened by foreign state aid to a price which materially reduced the fair and reasonable profit of native cultivators, was a state of things the Indian government could not accept.
The Kebo Valley Club has fine golf links here; and since  an annual horse show and fair has been held at Robin Hood Park at the foot of Newport Mountain.
In the case of fair average farm crops it has been shown that for the production of one ton of dry matter contained in them from  to  tons of water has been absorbed and utilized by the plants.
The flannel manufacture has been transferred to Newtown, but Welshpool has tweeds and woollen shawls, besides a fair trade in agricultural produce, malting and tanning.
Except in the neighbourhood of Aden, no regular surveys exist, and professional work is limited to the marine surveys of the Indian government and the admiralty, which, while laying down the coast line with fair accuracy, give little or no topographical information inland.
The Wahhabi empire had now attained its zenith, a settled government was established able to enforce law and order in the desert and in the towns, and a spirit of Arabian nationality had grown up which bade fair to extend the Wahhabi dominion over all the Arab race.
When members of different tribes met in peace (as at the fair of `Ukaz) the most skilful reciters strove to maintain the honour of their own people, and a ready improviser was held in high esteem.
Furthermore, the relations between the Philippians and himself presuppose, on any fair estimate, an interval of time which cannot be crushed into a few months.
In the interior is said to exist a tribe - the Korongoeis--with white skins and fair hair, but it has never been seen by travellers.
The scandals that resulted led to investigations and severe restrictions, and their employment now has become a matter of voluntary contract, usually for two years, in which fair dealing and good treatment are the rule.
P  greater than P, if the molecular weight of A be much less than that of B, then it is obvious that the ratio M  P  /M  P  need not be very great, and hence the less volatile liquid B would come over in fair amount.
He thought his poetry too imitative, detecting not only the truthful severity of Crabbe, but a "slight bravura dash of the fair tuneful Hemans."
James I., in his charter of incorporation, granted fairs on Monday and Tuesday in Whitsun week, and confirmed an ancient fair at Michaelmas and a market on Monday.
It is fair to assume that Grant would have followed other unsuccessful generals into retirement, had he not shown that, whatever his mistakes or failures, and whether he was or was not sober and temperate in his habits, he possessed the iron determination and energy which in the eyes of Lincoln and Stanton,' and of the whole Northern people, was the first requisite of their generals.
He took his share in all kinds of athletic exercises, and it was now that Brookfield said, "It is not fair that you should be Hercules as well as Apollo."
Here were to be read "The Lady of Shalott," "The Dream of Fair Women," "Oenone," "The Lotos-Eaters," "The Palace of Art," and "The Miller's Daughter," with a score of other lyrics, delicious and divine.
There are two great fairs held in the town, - the Ostermesse, or spring fair, and the Herbstmesse, or autumn fair.
In the th century, the Frankfort Fair, which is first mentioned in , and the origin of which must have been long anterior to that date, is referred to as being largely frequented.
He commanded in the battle of Fair Oaks (May , ), and was so severely wounded as to be incapacitated for several months.
Attracted at first by Italy, dreaming of fair feats of prowess, he led the triumphal Marignano expedition, which gained him reputation as a knightly king and as the most powerful prince in Europe.
He displays his own vanity, frivolity and futile cleverness with much unconscious humour, but, it is only fair to allow, with some literary dexterity.
It is only fair to notice that while the latter, according to Defoe's more usual practice, is allowed to repent and end happily, Roxana is brought to complete misery; Defoe's morality, therefore, required more repulsiveness in one case than in the other.
The famous temple of Kwannon, the goddess of mercy, is in the Asakusa Park, in which a permanent fair is held; it is a great holiday resort of the citizens.
Their language is merely a corrupt form of that spoken around them; but a Teutonic origin seems to be indicated by their fair complexions and blue eyes.
It possesses no notable buildings, save a modern parish church, a prefecture, also modern, and a building wherein are housed the town library and a picture gallery, with some fair works of art.
His assessment, of the details of which we know nothing, was so fair that it remained popular long after the league of autonomous allies had become an Athenian empire.
Even on the assumption that the Athenian dicasteries were scrupulously fair in their awards, it must have been peculiarly galling to the self-respect of the allies and inconvenient to individuals to be compelled to carry cases to Athens and Athenian juries.
The town, which is very ancient, being mentioned in Domesday, obtained a grant for a market and fair in , and received its charter of incorporation in .
In their withdrawal, by a historic disregard of fair play, the Germans not merely refused to put at the disposal of the Lithuanian authorities the necessary means of defence, but under a military convention allowed the Bolshevist troops to march into evacuated zones at a mean distance of io kilometres.
Cattle fairs are now held on the last Wednesday in February and November, and a cheese fair on the last Wednesday in September.
A yearly fair was granted by John in , for eight days from August , and two more by Henry III.
The "auld haunted kirk," though roofless, is otherwise in a fair state of preservation, despite relic-hunters who have removed all the woodwork.
The liberality of William the Lion had bestowed upon the corporation an extensive grant of lands; while in addition to the well-endowed church of St John, it had two monasteries, each possessed of a fair revenue.
By Isolda, granddaughter of Robert de Cardinan, the town was given to Richard, king of the Romans, who in the third year of his reign granted to the burgesses a gild merchant sac and soc, toll, team and infangenethef, freedom from pontage, lastage, &c., throughout Cornwall, and exemption from the jurisdiction of the hundred and county courts, also a yearly fair and a weekly market.
It is quite clear, however, that the marshal of Champagne, who was one of the leaders and inner counsellors of the expedition throughout, sympathized with the majority, and it is fair to point out that the temptation of chivalrous adventure was probably as great as that of gain.
Among his many publications, written, it is only fair to admit, amidst the urgent pressure of practical work, there is barely a page or even a sentence that bears the stamp of immortality.
This charter was confirmed to Thomas, Lord Berkeley, in , and in - Lord Berkeley received a grant of another fair on the vigil and day of Holyrood.
In  the abbot of Buckfastleigh obtained a Saturday market at Kingsbridge and a three-days' fair at the feast of St Margaret, both of which are still held.
Included in Kingsbridge is the little town of Dodbrooke, which at the time of the Domesday Survey had a population of , and a flock of  sheep and  goats; and in  was granted a Wednesday market and a fair at the Feast of St Mary Magdalene.
To keep alive, in a fair standard of comfort, the population of ,, food supplies have to be imported for nine and a half months in the year.
His was the mildest and least reactionary of all the Italian despotisms of the day, and although always subject to Austrian influence he refused to adopt the Austrian methods of government, allowed a fair measure of liberty to the press, and permitted many political exiles from other states to dwell in Tuscany undisturbed.
In science and theology, mathematics and poetry, metaphysics and law, he is a competent and always a fair if not a profound critic. The bent of his own mind is manifest in his treatment of pure literature and of political speculation - which seems to be inspired with stronger personal interest and a higher sense of power than other parts of his work display.
Here the trenches dug by the Persians during the last siege were still in a fair state of preservation; they were within a stone's-throw of the walls.
In Indian River Hundred, Sussex county, there formerly lived a community of people, - many of whom are of the fair Caucasian type, - called " Indians " or " Moors "; they are now quite generally dispersed throughout the state, especially in Kent and Sussex counties.
But Henry, duke of Hereford, whose milder sentence was doubtless owing to the fact that he was the popular favourite, came back within a year, having been furnished with a very fair pretext for doing so by a new act of injustice on the part of Richard.
Bearing this caution in mind the existing bathymetrical charts, amongst which that of the prince of Monaco stands first, give a very fair idea of the great features of the bed of the oceans.
In  the prioress obtained a Saturday market and a three days' fair at the feast of St Melor (Meliorus).
The curse of Ernulphus or Arnulphus of Rochester (c. r loo), often quoted by students of English literature, is a very fair specimen of that class of composition.
Here, wedged in among the ruder Papuans, who reappear at the extremity of the peninsula, a very different-looking people are found, whom competent observers, arguing from appearance, language and customs, assert to be a branch of the fair Polynesian race.
Still farther east, the plateaus of the Finisterre ranges are highly cultivated and artificially irrigated by a comparatively fair people.
The decisions of this diet are noteworthy, since they probably give a very fair idea of the prevailing opinion of the ruling classes in Germany.
The encroachments - which had begun in the time of Philip the Fair - of the king's lawyers on the ancient ecclesiastical jurisdiction, had reached a point where there was little cause for jealousy on the part of the State.
In the parish of Tintagel is the hamlet of Bossiney which under the name of Tintagel received a charter (undated) from Richard king of the Romans, granting freedom to the borough and to the burgesses freedom from pontage and stallage throughout Cornwall, a market on Wednesdays and a three days' fair at Michaelmas.
The latter, fixed as the th of March, was still held at the end of the th century, but there is now no fair.
In , however, they were counted on a very simple schedule, by sex and by large age-groups up to  years old, with a return of birthplace, in a form affording a fair indication of race.
Irrespective of the large number of clerks, village scribes and state and municipal employes which can be drawn upon with but slight interruption of official routine, there is a fair supply of casual literary labour up to the moderate standard required.
A fair crop of barley yields about  bushels, ( lb to the bushel) per acre, but under the best conditions  and  bushels may be obtained.
They fell into almost complete decay in the th century, and a "fair house" was erected out of the ruins by Sir Nicholas Carew of Beddington.
In  there were many poor, for whose relief Elizabeth gave a fair for a day in Lent and a market on Thursdays.
One hundred and thirty-seven years later, Cook, in the barque "Endeavour," gained a much fuller knowledge of the coasts, which he circumnavigated, visited again and again, and mapped out with fair accuracy.
In the th century the manor passed by marriage to the Courtenays, afterwards earls of Devon, and Robert de Courtenay in  gave the king a palfrey to hold an annual fair at his manor of Okehampton, on the vigil and feast day of St Thomas the Apostle.
His moral character was undoubtedly weak in other ways than this, but it is fair to remember that but for his astounding Confessions the more disgusting parts of it would not have been known, and that these Confessions were written, if not under hallucination, at any rate in circumstances entitling the self-condemned criminal to the benefit of considerable doubt.
In  Nicholas obtained a grant of a Saturday market and a fair at the feast of the Assumption (both maintained up to the present day), and in  South Molton appears for the' first time as a mesne borough under his overlordship. The borough subsequently passed to the Audleys, the Hollands, and in  was granted for life to Margaret, duchess of Richmond, who in  obtained a grant of a fair (which is still held) at the nativity of St John the Baptist.
At some date long anterior to history it is supposed that Indo-China was occupied first by a fair Caucasian people and later by a yellow Mongolian race.
The most remarkable cliffs are those formed of perpendicular basaltic columns, extending for many miles, and most strikingly displayed in Fair Head and the celebrated Giant's Causeway.
He had been born with the hopes of the Renaissance, with its anticipation of a new Augustan age, and had seen this fair promise blighted by the irruption of a new horde of theological polemics, worse than the old scholastics, inasmuch as they were revolutionary instead of conservative.
On the Danube the amount was  millions, but this total bids fair, under normal conditions, to be easily passed, inasmuch as the work of developing the port of Bratislava, the construction of docks, warehouses and shipbuilding yards, was already proceeding energetically.
It is to him that Poland owed the important acquisition of the greater part of Red Russia, or Galicia, which enabled her to secure her fair share of the northern and eastern trade.
The Polish gentry were still the umpires as well as the stake-holders; the best candidates generally won the day; and the defeated competitors were driven out of the country by force of arms if they did not take their discomfiture, after a fair fight, like sportsmen.
As soon as growth commences at the top and a fair amount of roots are formed they may be introduced into gentle heat, in batches according to the need and the amount of stock available.
But in the following May the sultan again ordered him to be arrested, and although he effected his escape and appealed to the powers, he shortly afterwards saw fit to surrender, claiming a fair hearing.
His fair and judicial manner as president of the Senate, recognized even by his bitterest enemies, helped to foster traditions in regard to that position quite different from those which have become associated with the speakership of the House of Representatives.
The course of the battle of Seven Pines or Fair Oaks bore some resemblance to that of Shiloh; a sharp attack found the Unionists unprepared, and only after severe losses and many partial defeats could McClellan check the rebel advance.
A fair held on the festival of St Margaret (July ) was included in the grant to the monks of Norwich about o.
Two centuries B.C. the region was occupied by the fair and blue-eyed Ussuns, who were driven away in the th century of our era by the northern Huns.
The Federal Army of the Potomac, advancing from the sea and the river Pamunkey over the Chickahominy on Richmond, had come to a standstill after the battle of Seven Pines (or Fair Oaks), and General Robert Lee, who succeeded Joseph Johnston in command of the Confederates, initiated the series of counter attacks upon it which constitute the "Seven Days."
Lee's right wing had in the meantime demonstrated against the main body of the Federals about Fair Oaks, on the south bank of the river.
On this day Magruder with two divisions attacked superior forces about Fair Oaks and was repulsed, and again attacked at Savage Station with like results.
Primary education is free and compulsory; the standard of attendance is high and the instruction fair, but a large proportion of the older inhabitants.
There is, however, fair evidence for units of . and . or (/) of . in Persian buildings () and the same is found in Asia Minor as . or (/)ths of ..
The town council consented to build one new church, attaching to it a parish of , persons, mostly weavers, labourers and factory workers, and this church was offered to Dr Chalmers that he might have a fair opportunity of testing his system.
A royal commission, appointed by the duc de Choiseul to examine the constitutions, convoked a private assembly of fifty-one archbishops and bishops under the presidency of Cardinal de Luynes, all of whom except six voted that the unlimited authority of the general was incompatible with the laws of France, and that the appointment of a resident vicar, subject to those laws, was the only solution of the question fair on all sides.
In the reign of Charles IV., the Fair, he fought yet again in Guienne (), and died at Perray (Seine-et-Oise) on the th of December .
Leeuwenhoek found and described some tubicolous species; and during the th century a fair number of species were observed, figured and described with names.
Ehrenberg included the Rotifers in his Infusionsthiere, and described and figured with fair precision many of the genera and species.
It is fair in dealing with Schelling's development to take into account the indications of his own opinion regarding its more significant momenta.
South of the city are Rathmines, a populous suburb, near which, at the "Bloody Fields," English colonists were murdered by the natives in ; and Donnybrook, celebrated for its former fair.
The Michaelmas Fair existed in  , and an inquisition dated  mentions two horse-fairs on Whit-Monday and at Michaelmas.
In  Algernon Percy, earl of Northumberland, obtained a grant of a fair every Wednesday from the first week in May till Michaelmas.
Under the patronage of his great-grandson, the last earl of Hereford (who lived in great splendour at the castle), the town became one of the chief centres of trade in South Wales, and a sixteen days' fair, which he granted, still survives as a hiring fair held in November.
He now found Pitt and Dundas ready to listen, but, as neither of them would or could give him substantial help, he went to the United States, where President Adams only gave him fair words.
Crommelin of Greenwich, the latter having carried the comet back to  B.C. with certainty, and to  B.C. with fair probability.
In the same year as the charter to Knutsford the king granted to William de Tabley a market every Saturday at Nether Knutsford, and a three days' fair at the Feast of St Peter and St Paul.
The city had in  three parks - Bachman's Reservoir ( acres); Fair ( acres) - the Texas state fair grounds, in which an annual exhibition is held - and City park ( acres).
Adjacent to the city is Oakwood cemetery, overlooking the lake; and north-west of the city are the state fair grounds, with extensive exhibition halls and barns, where the annual fairs of the New York State Agricultural Society are held.
He was simply a fair representative of the Italian piety of his day - amiable, ascetic in his personal habits, indefatigable in many forms of activity, and of more than respectable abilities; though the emotional side of his character had the predominance over his intellect.
Probabilists argued that any opinion might be followed, if it could show good authority on its side, even if there was still better authority against it; dancing on Sunday must be innocent, if it could show a fair sprinkling of eminent names in its favour.
Woollen cloth, machinery and spirits are manufactured; there is an extensive salt-mine in the neighbouring Zillenberg; the salmon and lamprey fisheries are important; and a fair amount of commercial activity is maintained.
The exhibition receiving the grant loses its local character, and thus becomes the Dominion exhibition or fair for that year.
On one point, however, a fair amount of agreement seems now to have been reached, a result due to the labour in collating documents of Scheffer-Boichorst, namely, that the style of the Constitutum is generally that of the papal chancery in the latter half of the th century.
In    the bishop granted the first charter, giving, among other privileges, a fair on All Saints' Day.
In accordance with the grant of  a fair was held on All Saints' day and also on Holy Thursday; the former was afterwards held on All Souls' Day.
Norse pirates having made the islands the headquarters of their buccaneering expeditions indifferently against their own Norway and the coasts and isles of Scotland; Harold Haarfager ("Fair Hair") subdued the rovers in  and both the Orkneys and Shetlands to Norway.
Shute in his History of the Aristotelian Writings (p. ), " that we have even got throughout a treatise in the exact words of Aristotle, though we may be pretty clear that we have a fair representation of his thought.
Wheat and other cereals are cultivated, with fruits of many kinds, olives, and vines which yield a wine of fair quality; while saffron is largely produced, and some attention is given to the keeping of bees and silkworms. Stock-farming, for which the wide plains afford excellent opportunities, employs many of the peasantry; the bulls of Albacete are in demand for bull-fighting, and the horses for mounting the Spanish cavalry.
Another fair at the beginning of Lent was added in , and a second market on Thursday, and fairs at Midsummer and on the st of September were added in .
The first mention of Hull occurs under the name of Wykeupon-Hull in a charter of  by which Maud, daughter of Hugh Camin, granted it to the monks of Meaux, who in  received licence to hold a market here every Thursday and a fair on the vigil, day and morrow of Holy Trinity and twelve following days.
This granted two weekly markets on Tuesday and Friday and a fair on the eve of St Augustine lasting thirty days; it made the town a free borough and provided that the king would send his justices to deliver the prison when necessary.
Aubrey describes him as "of a very fair, clear sanguine complexion, with a long beard as white as milk - a very handsome man - tall and slender.
A subsequent bishop obtained a grant of a fair on St Bartholomew's day, which according to Camden (circa ), had become almost "the most thronged" cattle fair in England, but is no longer held.
Bichloride of tin, having chemical affinity for silk fibre, bids fair to extinguish the use of sugar, which, from its hygrometric qualities, has a tendency to ruin the silk to which it is applied, if great care be not taken to regulate the quantity.
In places, too, as, for instance, round Shawal, the summer grazing ground of the Darwesh Khel Waziris, aria on the slopes of Pir Ghol, there is good pasturage and a fair sprinkling of deodars.
When first discovered, in , these frescoes were in a fair state of preservation, but they have since been allowed to go hopelessly to ruin.
The archbishops of York as lords of the manor had various privileges in the town, among which were the right of holding a market and fair, and Archbishop John, being summoned in the reign of Henry I.
In , being upon business at a fair, and having accompanied some friends to the village public-house, he was troubled by a proposal to "drink healths," and withdrew in grief of spirit.
With the conviction that the only fair way of describing metaphysics has been to avoid putting forward one system, and even to pay most attention to the dominant idealism, we have nevertheless been driven occasionally to test opinions by this independent metaphysical method.
It is fair, however, to add that Balfour has a further foundation for the belief in Nature, the survival of the fittest, by which those only would survive who possessed and could transmit the belief.
In the great bog-deposit at Thorsbjaerg in Angel, which dates from about the th century, there were found a coat with long sleeves, in a fair state of preservation, a pair of long trousers with remains of socks attached, several shoes and portions of square cloaks, one of which had obviously been dyed green.
The task of clearing up after the war, both in South Africa and at home, lay before him; but his cordial relations with Mr Chamberlain, and the enthusiastic support of a large parliamentary majority, made the prospects fair.
The Russo-Japanese War came to an end; the new offensive and defensive alliance with Japan was signed on the th of August; the successful AngloFrench agreement, concluded in April , had brought out a vigorous expression of cordiality between England and France, shown in an enthusiastic exchange of naval visits; and the danger, which threatened in the early summer, of complications with France and Gemany over Morocco, was in a fair way of being dispelled by the support given to France by Great Britain.
Favourably received by the regent, they opened a little chapel, and were in a fair way to establish an important mission, when the Chinese ambassador interfered and had the two missionaries conveyed back to Canton, where they arrived in October of the same year.
In spite of his instincts for dominion and the ardour of his temperament, he made no attempt to shake off the French yoke, and did not decide on hostilities with France until Philip the Fair and his legists attempted to change the character of the kingship, emphasized its lay tendencies, and exerted themselves to gratify the desire for political and financial independence which was shared by the French nation and many other European peoples.
That a sovereign like St Louis should be able to associate himself officially with the feudalism of his realm to repress abuses of church jurisdiction; that a contemporary of Philip the Fair, the lawyer Pierre Dubois, should dare to suggest the secularization of ecclesiastical property and the conversion of the clergy into a class of functionaries paid out of the royal treasury; and that Philip the Fair, the adversary of Boniface VIII., should be able to rely in his conflict with the leader of the Church on the popular consent obtained at a meeting of the Three Estates of France - all point to a singular demoralization of the sentiments and principles on which were based the whole power of the pontiff of Rome and the entire organization of medieval Catholicism.
Through this, and his excessive subservience to Philip the Fair, his reign proved the reverse of salutary to the Church.
There is also an Old English use of the word "law" in a more or less sporting sense ("to give law" or "allow so much law"), meaning a start or fair allowance in time or distance.
Presumably this originated simply in the liberty-loving Briton's respect for proper legal procedure; instead of the brute exercise of tyrannous force he demanded "law," or a fair opportunity and trial.
In  the combat between the Clan Chattan and the Clan Quhele, described in Scott's Fair Maid of Perth, took place on the North Inch in presence of Robert III.
The "quo warranto" rolls show that a market every Wednesday and a fair on St Augustine's day were granted to Simon son of Walter by King John.
The charter of  confirms this market and fair to the burgesses, and grants them two new fairs each continuing for two days, on Tuesday after Easter and on the feast of St Matthew the Apostle.
A market on Friday and a three days' fair at the feast of St Rumon were granted by Henry I.
The polygonal walls of the acropolis may still be seen in a fair state of preservation on a circular hill standing about  ft.
In March  the printing of the De jure belli, which had taken four months, was completed, and the edition despatched to the fair at Frankfort.
The great fair for which it was formerly famous has lost its importance, but the town remains the centre of a variety of domestic trades - tailoring, the manufacture of leather, and the making of boots and small enamelled ikons (sacred images); it is also famous for its kitchen gardening and the export of pickled and dried vegetables and medical herbs.
The Lipscani was originally the street of merchants who obtained their wares from the annual fair at Leipzig; for almost all crafts or gilds, other than the bakers and tavern-keepers, were long confined to separate quarters; and the old names have survived, as in the musicians', furriers', and money-changers' quarters.
On the opposite bank of the Pruth, at a very little distance to the N., is situated the town of Sadagora (pop. , mostly Jews), where a famous cattle fair takes place every year.
The town is well situated for defence, its walls are in fair condition, and it has ten forts, all supplied with old-fashioned guns.
The November sheep-fair dates from , and the neighbouring fair at Weyhill (since  a part of the borough) was formerly among the most important in England.
The black redstart (Ruticilla titys), though common in the lower regions, is also met with in fair numbers almost up to the snow-line.
The efforts of the dukes to increase their power and to give unity to the duchy had met with a fair measure of success; but they were soon vitiated by partitions among different members of the family which for  years made the history of Bavaria little more than a dejune chronicle of territorial divisions bringing war and weakness in Division their train.
The monastery evidently also held another fair there called St Ellen's fair, for in  Queen Elizabeth granted this fair and St Paul's fair and the market "lately belonging to the dissolved monastery of Pontefract" to one Henry Burdett, and Ralph and Henry his sons for their lives.
In  Sir John Beauchamp purchased the remaining moiety of the manor, and was granted an additional fair at the feast of St Dunstan.
In  Reginald de Mohun, then lord of the manor, founded a Cistercian abbey at Newenham within the parish of Axminster, granting it a Saturday market and a fair on Midsummer day, and the next year made over to the monks from Beaulieu the manor and hundred of Axminster.
The worst blot on his fair fame is his adulatory congratulation of the murderous usurper Phocas; though his correspondence with the Frankish queen Brunhilda, and the series of letters to and concerning the renegade monk Venantius also present problems which his admirers find difficult of solution.
It is, however, only fair to add that the sultan was doubtless influenced by the desire to bring about a similar change in the succession to the Ottoman throne and to ensure the succession after him of his eldest son, Yussuf Izz-ed-din.
The weak points in Hume's empiricism are so admirably realized Negative by the author himself that it is only fair to quote his own Negativ of summary in the Appendix to the Treatise.
An annual fair is held at Allahabad at the confluence of the streams on the occasion of the great bathing festival at the full moon of the Hindu month of Magh.
Philadelphus, but Arsinoe, disliking the projected alliance, induced Demetrius the Fair, son of Demetrius Poliorcetes, to accept the throne of Cyrene as husband of Berenice.
Nevertheless the difficulties might have been smoothed away in the course of time, had the Belgians felt that the Dutch were treating them in a fair and conciliatory spirit.
He was better served by John Owen, master of the free school at Wroxeter, where he studied from about  to , and made fair progress in Latin.
A fair was granted in the time of Henry II., and fairs in the seasons of Michaelmas and the feasts of St Philip and St James and of Edward the Confessor,.
The temperatures indicated by the different pairs of wires differed by as much as  %, but the mean of the whole would probably give a fair average.
A market for each Saturday was granted to Corfe in , and in  the town obtained a fair and a market on each Thursday, while Elizabeth granted fairs on the feasts of St Philip and St James and of St Luke; both of these still survive.
In this case an inscription records the repair and restoration of the edifice after the The interest taken by the Pompeians in the sports of the amphitheatre is shown by the contents of the numerous painted and scratched inscriptions relating to them which have been found in Pompeii - notices of combats, laudatory inscriptions, including even references to the admiration which gladiators won from the fair sex, &c.
No sooner did copies of the book reach Paris than he found himself shunned by his former associates, and though he was himself so little conscious of disloyalty that he was forward to present a manuscript copy " engrossed in vellum in a marvellous fair hand"  to the young king of the Scots (who, after the defeat at Worcester, escaped to Paris about the end of October), he was denied the royal presence when he sought it shortly afterwards.
In the latter part of the th century Ilfracombe obtained a grant for holding a fair and market, and in the reign of Edward III.
The population is backward, and the black soil is of a nature that in ordinary years can raise fair crops of cotton, millet and maize without artificial watering.
But in his talk there were no pompous triads, and little more than a fair proportion of words in -osity and -ation.
In arguments at the bar he was so fair to his opponent that he frequently appeared to concede away his client's case.
When they were present with their formidable armies, they could command obedience; when engaged, as they often were, in Saxons distant parts of the vast Frankish territory, they remain could not trust to the fulfilment of the fair promises in dependthey had exacted.
This took place in October , when the larger party chose Louis IV., duke of Upper Bavaria, while the smaller party gave their votes to Frederick the Fair, duke of Austria, a son of King Albert I.
On the pretext that fair deliberation was impossible in the capital, the assembly was now ordered to meet in Brandenburg, while troops were concentrated near Berlin and a state of siege was proclaimed.
It is only fair to say that no real proof was brought that the Socialists had anything to do with either of these crimes, or that either of the men was really a member of the Socialist party; nevertheless, a storm of indignation rose against them.
In Essex and Kent, and along the shore of Lake Erie, tobacco and grapes form a staple crop, and wine of fair quality is produced.
In  the same Hamo obtained a grant of a Tuesday market and a three days' fair at the feast of the Assumption of the Virgin; but in , by a charter from Edward II., the date of the fair was changed to the feast of St James the Apostle.
A member who heard the speech described Bright as "about the middle size, rather firmly and squarely built, with a fair, clear complexion, and an intelligent and pleasing expression of countenance.
The Godiva procession, a commemoration of the legendary ride instituted on the st of May  as part of Coventry fair, was celebrated at intervals until .
In  Henry Bodrugan received the grant of a market on Fridays and a fair at Michaelmas in his manor of Pendrym.
In  his grandson and namesake granted to East Looe a market and fair, view of frank pledge, ducking stool and pillory and assize of bread and ale.
Of the markets and fairs only the markets on Wednesdays and Saturdays and a fair on the th of May remain.
At the inquisition of  the burgesses claimed an annual fair on St Peter's Day, and depositions in  mention a borough market held on Tuesday and Friday, but these were apparently extinct in Camden's day, and no grant of them is extant.
From these he wrote a fair copy, which he gave to Abu Bekr, from whom it came to his successor Omar, who again bequeathed it to his daughter IIafsa, one of the widows of the Prophet.
Built in brick, it was found necessary to give a more monumental appearance to the walls by a casing of stucco, which remains in fair preservation to the present day.
For nine days and nights Cairo has more the aspect of a fair than of a city keeping a religious festival.
The Saitic heads in basalt show a school of close observation, with fair power of rendering the personal character; and even in Roman times there still were provincial artists who could model a face very truthfully, as is shown in one case in.
The relations between their Ilkhan and the Egyptian sultan continued strained, and the th Ilkhan Oeljeitu (-) addressed letters to Philip the Fair and the English king Edward I.
This offered a fair pretext to the Mamelukes to rid themselves of a man proved to be a perfidious tyrant.
In this manner a representation is secured for fairly large minorities, and what is considered a fair share of influence on public affairs given to those who contribute the most to the needs of the state.
The principal theatres are liberally open to fresh dramatic talent of every kind, and the great fondness of the Danes for this form of entertainment gives unusual scope for experiments in halls or private theatres; nothing is too eccentric to hope to obtain somewhere a fair hearing.
The difficulty of arriving at a fair conclusion is increased by the fact that Procopius, who is our chief authority for the events of his reign, speaks with a very different voice in his secret memoirs (the Anecdota) from that which he has used in his published history, and that some of the accusations contained in the former work are so rancorous and improbable that a certain measure of discredit attaches to everything which it contains.
The incorporation charter of  recites that the burgesses are chiefly engaged in agriculture, and grants them a fair, which still continues every year on Tuesday in Easter week.
But though he attained a fair practice at the bar, and was recognized as a lawyer of unusual mental distinction and clarity, his forensic success was not nearly so conspicuous as that of some of his contemporaries.
Without being so forward as the rival city of Augsburg to embrace the architectural fashions of the Italian renaissance - continuing, indeed, to be profoundly imbued with the old and homely German burgher spirit, and to wear, in a degree which time has not very much impaired even yet, the quaintness of the old German civic aspect - she had imported before the close of the th century a fair share of the new learning of Italy, and numbered among her citizens distinguished humanists like Hartmann Schedel, Sebald Schreier, Willibald Pirkheimer and Conrad Celtes.
And it is fair to remember in her defence that Pirkheimer when he denounced her was old, gouty and peevish, and that the immediate occasion of his outbreak against his friend's widow was a fit of anger because she had not let him have a pair of antlers - a household ornament much prized in those days - to which he fancied himself entitled out of the property left by Darer.
The principles which govern the preparation and setting of the other class of calcium sulphate cements, that is, cements of the Keene class, are not fully understood, but there is a fair amount of knowledge on the subject, both empirical and scientific. The essential difference between the setting of Keene's cement and that of plaster of Paris is that the former takes place much more slowly, occupying hours instead of minutes, and the considerable heating and expansion which characterize the setting of plaster of Paris are much less marked.
To remedy the loss incurred by this measure Ralph Bloyou in  procured for himself and his heirs a market on Mondays and a fair on the vigil, feast and morrow of St Andrew at Marghasyon.
This ratified the grant of St Andrew's fair, provided for another on the Feast of St Barnabas and established a market on Saturdays.
In  a market on Monday and a fair on the vigil and day of St Luke the Evangelist were granted to the archbishop, and in  Archbishop Melton obtained the right of holding two new fairs on the feasts of St James the Apostle lasting five days and of SS.
The Life and Times by his son-in-law, Charles Lindsey (Toronto,  vols., ), is moderate and fair, though tending to smooth over his anti-British gasconnade while in the United States.
In  Henry, earl of Lincoln, obtained a Saturday market and an eight days' fair at the feast of St Peter ad Vincula, and the market is still held under this grant.
They were also to have freedom from toll, pontage, &c., two markets every week on Monday and Friday, and a fair lasting from the feast of Holyrood to that of the Nativity of St John the Baptist.
Properly the scalp could only be taken after a fair fight; in more recent times there seems to have been no such restriction.
In Ayrshire the figure varied from  to %; for Dumfriesshire % was given as a fair average, but here too the distressed farmer was compelled to admit that if he gave up his holding there were others ready to take it.
Amending statutes of succeeding years added to the commissioners' powers of fixing fair rents and cancelling arrears, the power of enlarging crofts and common grazings.
After the passing of the act () the Crofters' Commission in  years considered applications for rent and revaluation of holdings which amounted to £,, and fixed the fair rent at £,, or an annual reduction of £,; of arrears of rent amounting to £, they cancelled £,, and also assigned  ,  acres in enlargement of holdings.
The breeds include the Ayrshire, noted milkers and specially adapted for dairy farms (which prevail in the south-west), which in this respect have largely supplanted the Galloway in their native district; the polled Angus or Aberdeen, fair milkers, but valuable for their beef-making qualities, and on this account, as well as their hardihood, in great favour in the north-east, where cattlefeeding has been carried to perfection; and the West Highland or Kyloe breed, a picturesque breed with long horns, shaggy coats and decided colours-black, red, dun, cream and brindle-that thrives well on wild and healthy pasture.
In , they were carried in parliament by a fair majority; to the horror and bitter indignation of all men and women of the old leaven.
While the rival bands of preachers squabbled, Cromwell, like Edward I., arranged that Scottish members should sit in Westminster, and, commercially, as in the administration of fair justice, and the peace of the country, Scotland prospered under English rule.
Historians do not usually seem to perceive that Charles was faced by the old quarrel of church and state, in which " fair means " were seen to be unavailing, while " unfair means " only succeeded, after some thirty years, in breaking down the old Presbyterian spirit so much that, after , the state could hold her own.
On the side of the extremists, Cameron was happy enough to die in fair fight at Airs Moss (nd of July ), after publicly disowning the king for his breach of the Covenant.
Spain backed him in , but the death of Charles XII., and the utter failure of a Spanish expedition to Scotland in , when the Jacobites were scattered, and the Spaniards taken, in a fight at Glensheil, ruined what had seemed a fair chance of success.
He was also with McClellan at the battle of Fair Oaks, and was personally engaged in the sanguinary battle at Gaines Mill on the th of June.
In  the bishop claimed to have a market every Friday, a fair on the eve, day and  The title prince-bishop, attached in Austria to the sees of Laibach, Seckau, Gurk, Brixen, Trent and Lavant, and in Prussia to that of Breslau, no longer implies any secular jurisdiction, but is merely a title of honour recognized by the state, owing either to the importance of the sees or for reasons purely historical.
In  Lodovicus de Bello Monte, prebendary of Salisbury, obtained a grant of a Saturday market at the manor of Caine, and a three days' fair at the feast of St Mary Magdalene; the latter was only abandoned in the th century.
This may be considered a fair illustration of the situation in Ecuador so far as natural history exploration is concerned.
The efforts of Maximilian to recover the country were vain, and the successive governors of the Netherlands, Philip the Fair and his sister Margaret, fared no better.
Little local trade is carried on, but the great fair of Ramnami held every year is attended by about , people.
While the general period in which the book belongs may thus be determined with fair probability, it is less easy to fix the dates of its several parts.
The brilliancy and fair light scale of his tints is constantly remarkable, combined with a free use of gilding; this conduces materially to that celestial character which so pre-eminently distinguishes his pictured visions of the divine persons, the hierarchy of heaven and the glory of the redeemed.
Some of these are united to the mainland and to each other by jetties which curve round so as to form the Port de Refuge, a haven available only in fair weather.
Its market on Saturdays is well attended, and an ancient fair on the Feast of St Thomas is among those which survive.
In the first of his Dialogues (fair models of Cicero), Severus puts into the mouth of an interlocutor (Posthumianus) a pleasing description of the life of coenobites and solitaries in the deserts bordering on Egypt.
As a race the Afghans are very handsome and athletic, often with fair complexion and flowing beard, generally black or brown, sometimes, though rarely, red; the features highly aquiline.
The women have handsome features of Jewish cast (the last trait often true also of the men); fair complexions, sometimes rosy, though usually a pale sallow; hair braided and plaited behind in two long tresses terminating in silken tassels.
The area under cotton increased enormously, and the growers managed to retain in their own hands a fair share of the profit.
At first the government attempted to quell the disaffection by means of the ordinary law, with fair success outside Bengal; but there, owing to the secret ramifications of the conspiracy, it has been found necessary to adopt special measures.
His father used his utmost influence to have the guilty parties (for more than one were concerned, and there are grounds for thinking that it was not a fair duel) brought to justice.
In  he was struck with paralysis, but recovered a fair degree of health, sufficient to enable him to resume his studies.
In  the king ordered that his market at Grenestede should be held on Saturday instead of Sunday, and in  the inhabitants of the town were granted a market each week on Saturday and a fair every year on the eve of St Andrew and two days following.
The Values Of The Total Heat Observed By Regnault, As Reduced By Shaw, Also Show A Very Fair Agreement, Considering The Uncertainty Of The Units.
It is, however, fair to assume that the comparison stars will rarely have a parallax as great as o oi "; for it must be remembered that it is quite the exception for a star taken at random to have an appreciable parallax; particularly if a star has an ordinarily small proper motion, it is likely to be very distant.
Having regard to the special precautions taken to eliminate systematic error, and to the fact that the stars used were distributed nearly equally over both hemispheres, it is fair to conclude that this is the most accurate determination yet made.
Nevertheless the Milky Way contains a fair proportion of lucid stars, for these are considerably more numerous in the bright patches of the Milky Way than in the rifts and dark spaces.
It is, then, a fair working hypothesis as to the structure of the Organon to place the Topics, which deal with dialectical reasoning, before the Analytics.
The temperature of the shell is much higher than that of a steam boiler, for in order to secure that the working air will take up a fair amount of heat, the upper limit to which its temperature is raised greatly exceeds that of even high-pressure steam.
It is found by these methods that the behaviour of superheated vapours closely resembles that of noncondensible gases, and it is a fair inference that similar behaviour would be observed up to the saturation-point if surface condensation could be avoided.
He granted a charter in  declaring that he retained the borough in his hand, and granting a yearly fair and weekly market, freedom from certain tolls, from shire and hundred court and sheriffs' aids.
The women are delicate in frame, with small hands and feet, fair complexions, beautiful black eyes, finely arched eyebrows, and a profusion of long black hair, which they dress to perfection, and ornament with pearls and gems. The Parsees are much more liberal in their treatment of women than any other Asiatic race; they allow them to appear freely in public, and leave them the entire management of household affairs.
In the lists of the Apostles given in the Synoptic Gospels and in Acts, Matthew ranks third or fourth in the second group of four - a fair index of his relative importance in the apostolic age.
The qualifications for entering into the priestly order are good conduct and a fair measure of learning - such conduct at least as is good according to Buddhist tenets, and such learning as is esteemed among their votaries.
The iron ore from this district obtained the grand prize at the World's Fair held in Chicago in , in competition with iron ores from all parts of the world.
These rivers are navigable for two-thirds of their course by steamers of a fair size, but in many cases the bars at their mouths present considerable difficulties to ships drawing anything over  or  ft.
But its existence will not help to prove an early knowledge of reading or writing, for in order that everything may be fair, it is clear that the umpire should not be able to identify the lot as belonging to a particular individual.
This view is borne out by the experience in hospitals and with " contacts," which goes to show that with reasonable care and under fair conditions the risk of infection from ordinary plague patients is very small.
Large numbers of sheep and Angora goats are reared on the plateau, and fair horses are bred on the Uzun Yaila; but no effort is made to improve the quality of the wool and mohair or the breed of horses.
It has thus become the seat of the great Makaryevskaya fair (see below), and one of the chief commercial centres of Russia.
The fair is held on the flat sandy tongue of land between the Oka and the Volga, connected with the town by only a bridge of boats,  yds.
The shops of the fair,  in number, built of stone in regular rows, are surrounded by a canal, and cover half a square mile.
The Siberian harbour is conspicuous during the fair on account of its accumulations of tea boxes and temporary shelters, in which the different kinds of tea are tried and appraised by tasters.
The railway from Moscow has its terminus close to the fair buildings, to the south of which is the suburb of Kunavino, widely known throughout the East as a place for amusements of the lowest kind during the fair.
On the fair side the Alexander Nevski cathedral was erected in , and there too is the older "Fair" cathedral of .
The chief importance of the city is due to its fair, which is held from the th of July to the th of September.
From remote antiquity Russian merchants were wont to meet in summer with those from the East at different places on the Volga, between the mouths of the Oka and the Kama - the fair changing its site with the increasing or decreasing power of the nationalities which struggled for the possession of the middle Volga.
The situation, however, being in many ways inconvenient, and a conflagration having destroyed the shops at Makaryev, the fair was transferred in  to its present locality at Nizhniy-Novgorod.
By a charter of  extensive liberties in the manor of Cheddar were granted to Bishop Joceline, who by a charter of  obtained the right to hold a weekly market and fair.
The old palace with beautifully decorated courts in fair repair, built by Mohammed XVII., is a prominent object above the town, and there are many interesting buildings and ruins.
We may find a fair parallel by imagining two plays drawn at hazard from the works of the great tragic writers.
There is a fair local trade in wheat and agricultural produce, also sheep and cattle, wool, hides and furs for export.
These crowd at certain seasons in innumerable multitude to certain islands within the tropics, where they breed, and the wonderful assemblage known as " wideawake fair" on the island of Ascension has been more or less fully described from very ancient times.
Not only did their doctrine of grace defy the favourite Jesuit principle of obedience to authority, but it bade fair to set aside the whole Catholic machinery of infallibility and sacraments.
A yearly fair on the feast of the Translation of St Leonard and three following days was granted to the burgesses in  , and in  Charles I.
To suppose that the young statesman learned his frigid statecraft in Spain would be perhaps too simple a solution of the problem offered by his character, and scarcely fair to the Italian proficients in perfidy.
However sweet this world seemed, however fair the flesh, both world and flesh were theoretically given over to the devil.
The tables below will give a fair idea of the variations which occur in the same wine as a result of different vintages, and the variations due to differences of growth " in the same vintage.
The prices of the wines also are subject to great fluctuation, but in fair years will vary, according to class and quality, from;IO to  per hogshead for the better growths.
In  to  a number of fair wines were produced in each year, and the first really good vintage of the post-mildew-phylloxera period was that of .
The wines, moreover, of Algeria are on the whole of decidedly fair quality, possessing body and strength and also stability.
While the most important Spanish wines are those grown in the southern province of Andalusia, the central and northern districts also produce wine in considerable quantity, and much of this is of very fair quality.
The Ausbruch wines take from three to four years to ripen, and they may contain from % to % of alcohol and a little or a fair quantity of sugar, these factors varying according to the vintage and the number of " butts " of zibebs employed.
At the same time, there is no doubt that much of the wine produced in the United States is of very fair quality, and this is largely due to the fact that the Americans have been at great pains to introduce the latest scientific methods in regard to the vine and wine-making.
In-William Earl Warenne received a grant of a fair at Wakefield on the vigil, day and morrow of All Saints' day.
