
He further showed himself helpful in arranging difficulties which at times arose in connexion with the lesser chiefs of his province.
They afford an example - paralleled in other classes of the animal kingdom - of an order which, though specialized in some respects, retains many primitive characters, and has won its way to dominance rather by perfection of behaviour, and specially by the development of family life and helpful socialism, than by excessive elaboration of structure.
Still, their presence on the Asiatic side of the Straits was for the time being indirectly helpful to their British comrades who were struggling for a grip on the extremity of the Gallipoli Peninsula.
Records of the time that has elapsed between two regnal dates in the reigns of different kings are very helpful; thus stelae from the Serapeum recording the ages of the Apis bulls with the dates of their birth and death have fixed the chronology of the XXVIth Dynasty.
I have already told her in simple language of the beautiful and helpful life of Jesus, and of His cruel death.
An institution upholding honor, the source of emulation, is one similar to the Legion d'honneur of the great Emperor Napoleon, not harmful but helpful to the success of the service, but not a class or court privilege.
Pictorial representations in early manuscripts, and the rude effigies on their coins, are not very helpful in deciding as to the form of crown worn by the Anglo-Saxon and Danish kings of England before the Norman Conquest.
Till  Lassalle resided mostly in the Rhine country, prosecuting the suit of the countess, finishing the work on Heraclitus, which was not published till , taking little part in political agitation, but ever a helpful friend of the working men.
He was a collector of books, and, as Crabbe and less conspicuous men discovered, a helpful friend to their writers.
Belief is, according to Hamann, the groundwork of knowledge, and he accepts in all sincerity Hume's analysis of experience as being most helpful in constructing a theological view.
To the men of the middle ages, in any case, St Catherine was very real; she was ranked with the fourteen most helpful saints in heaven, and was the constant theme of preachers and of poets.
Philosophy, science and literary theory that attempt to build rational systems independent of how the body actually operates may not be helpful.
When the ministry of any man or woman has been found to be helpful to the congregation, the Monthly Meeting (see below) may, after solemn consideration, record the fact that i t bel i eves the individual to have a divine call to the ministry, and that it encourages him or her to be faithful to the gift.
The suggested identification with the Egyptian Punt is in itself disputable, and it would be more helpful if we knew exactly where Punt was (see Egypt).
If nothing else it might be helpful for a number of people who need weening off tools that do n't support styles.
Traits that are neither necessary nor helpful for survival can disappear over long periods of time due to natural selection.
The pages of the atlas were worn and the maps needed to be updated, so it was not very helpful.
After a branch fell on the roof of my house, the insurance adjustor was very helpful in approving my claim.
This was very helpful, as I could lay it back farther when I wanted my baby to fall asleep or place it upright at other times.
If you are not in the mood for a gift basket, there are other great and helpful gift ideas you can give to the parents of a new baby.
With some helpful tips, you will be on your way to taking the photos that you will enjoy for years to come.
Reading books and learning baby care techniques from Internet websites is always helpful, but the importance of immediate newborn care is best understood with the hands-on approach.
Even with a helpful driver translating for me at my end, they seemed unable to make out a word we were saying.
Holiday rentals with current availability in June July and August If you are buying a property and moving, plastic boxes can be helpful !
It can be helpful for parents to have in mind rough-and-ready rules for what is acceptable and what is not.
We offer helpful baby teething products and teething advice so that you can recognize early teething symptoms and teething signs.
I thought that the test most likely to be helpful was an ultrasound of the abdomen which I had already arranged.
You must subscribe to their newsletter to complete this free offer, but many parents have found the book extremely helpful in making one of the most important decisions they will make for their new arrival.
New moms love Walking Wings, as baby begins to walk, they do not need to hunch over and most find this is helpful in preventing back aches while their little ones are learning to take their first steps.
If you're having trouble coming up with the perfect name for your daughter, a list of baby girls names may be a helpful tool.
Not to mention, understanding these percentiles can take a bit of work, which means that having the chart to consult at home is helpful.
You may also be able to tell if a diaper rash is caused by yeast when attempts to get rid of it are not helpful.
Whether you go with dads or moms or both, you will find it very helpful to compare experiences regarding styles of girls' clothing, as well as clothing brands.
Talk to businesspeople you know who might be able to lend you some helpful advice, or if you can afford it, consult a financial adviser.
It is helpful to build a soil dam four to six inches high around the tree to prevent runoff and allow the roots to slowly take in water.
Specialty dictionaries deal with jargon of the medical profession, business, industry or science and are helpful in determining working definitions.
These guides, many of which are available in downloadable formats at the web site, not only direct teachers, they can be extremely helpful to people who want to know what teens are reading in school.
Read on to find out helpful tips for buying the perfect pair of binoculars for children, adults or your favorite bird enthusiast!
It is helpful to check all the above sites because one site may have an ad a different site doesn't have.
Battery-Most new laptops come with the manufacturer's base battery so opting for one with a little higher capacity will come in helpful when you're on the go.
Your insurance company or your doctor will probably have brochures and packets of information on various models that can be helpful, too.
Humor and inspirational books are other great choices, and cookbooks related to their crops or livestock can be helpful as well.
Additionally, it's helpful to invite the potential adopter to bring the family along so you can see how they react with each other, as well as how they handle the kitten.
Knowing how to get rid of fleas on a cat can be helpful, but keeping them off is another story.
As you do this, you may find it helpful to hold the ends of the towel together at her neck to prevent your cat from bolting.
LovetoKnow Children's Books is dedicated to providing helpful resources for parents, caregivers and educators looking for the best books for kids.
Remember that being aggressive towards how much you pay each month is helpful and will reduce your debt, but you need to be able to make that payment to see the results.
This low monthly payment obligation can be very helpful for people trying to temporarily lower their monthly bills due to an impending job change, move, or other reason.
This can be particularly helpful for people who may not pay close attention to their checking account balances or for people who need to be able to make purchases despite not having money in their accounts.
In exchange for this help, the consumer is responsible for making payments directly to the service instead of paying on each individual bill, which can actually be quite helpful if you have trouble meeting your deadlines.
This is also a helpful way for parents to provide college kids with money while they are away at school.
If you don't have close friends that have been through a painful divorce, joining a support group might be helpful.
Having said that, people that post on message boards can be very helpful in providing support and giving suggestions to people who don't know where to turn for help.
This service may be helpful to identify the particular year and location of the divorce so that you can check with the county and acquire the record.
Simply consulting with a divorce professional can be cost-prohibitive, so finding free divorce advice from credible sources can be incredibly helpful.
Read forums and blogs for personal stories about divorce that may be helpful to you, but when it comes to obtaining legal or financial advice regarding divorce, it is time to refer to expert sources.
There are a number of great resources for used office furniture in Maryland, but before you start exploring, take a few moments to review some online options and pick up a few helpful shopping strategies.
There are a few configurations that have a built-in closet that can be very helpful for a small dorm room.
They are designed for the do-it-yourselfer who is not particularly technically inclined, so the information is clear, concise, and helpful.
Preparing a list is extremely helpful as it is an excellent way of finding out more about the different options for reducing, reusing and recycling items.
To address pollution issues as productively as possible, it's helpful to gain a solid background of knowledge about the topic.
LoveToKnow would like to thank Mary Findley for taking time out of her busy work schedule to share her many helpful green cleaning tips.
You can grind ginger down, boil it, make it into a medicinal herb tincture or distil it into a helpful essential oil.
If your doctor agrees that valerian is safe for you, you may find it a helpful herb to help treat insomnia and anxiety with far fewer side effects than pharmaceutical drugs.
Fortunately, since it is such a helpful herbal product, steps have been taken to preserve the trees from extinction by planting a lot of them to farm for their bark.
Slippery elm powder has a variety of different uses and is one of the most versatile and helpful herbal remedies.
When talking to your healthcare provider about this natural remedy, it can be helpful to understand the basics about this herb and how much black cohosh women take to induce labor.
Herbal preparations may be helpful for mild depression, but a major depressive episode warrants prompt attention from a medical professional.When depression becomes overwhelming, attempting self-treatment can be dangerous.
If you've made herbal ice cubes, it may be helpful to freeze the same amount of herbs in each compartment of the ice cube tray so you'll always know exactly how much you are adding to a recipe.
One reason this tea may be so helpful is that it contains quercetin, as evidenced by the red color of the tea.
Researchers aren't ready yet to recommend that diabetics take cinnamon, but the results may be helpful to those battling prediabetic conditions.
This is especially helpful for expectant mothers suffering from morning sickness since ginger is a safe alternative to prescription drugs and has fewer side effects.
The liquid forms appear to be the most helpful in reducing cold symptoms and should be taken for seven to ten days when cold symptoms are present.
There are also helpful decorating books on staying organized, finding your own unique style and various home improvement projects that you need to finish your design goals.
While talent and certification are helpful for success, there are no licensing restrictions, educational requirements or work experience constraints for interior decorators.
However, before you go looking for a tin chandelier, it is helpful to know a little bit about the history behind this folk art, and what to look for when purchasing your lighting fixture.
Before launching into some of the key concepts of traditional interior design, it is helpful to know some of the foundations of this style.
It's also helpful to think about the rich burgundies of red wines, the luscious greens of fresh olives, and the sparkling waters of clear blue lakes.
Learning about Sherwin Williams paint colors online is just the beginning of a vast treasure of free and incredibly helpful information available anytime you need it.
Often, you can get ideas, tips and helpful tools for creating your own color palettes by visiting paint company websites, like Sherman Williams.
One really helpful tool that you can find on Sherman Williams' website is their Colorsnap application for Blackberrys and iPhones.
Although any type of lighted mirror can be helpful, surround lighted makeup mirrors are particularly beneficial for a number of reasons.
Consider visiting a makeup artist for a complimentary consultation; expert advice is especially helpful if you are unsure of which colors to wear.
Men will appreciate their magnification powers since they are especially helpful to men who use wet/dry shavers in the shower.
These mirrors require more care, and it is always helpful to have a backup protection plan should anything go wrong.
Before his untimely death, he put out a few books with beautiful pictures, incredibly helpful tips for all levels of makeup art, and an incredible amount of showcased talent.
Needless to say, the idea is something different and helpful, especially to those who consider themselves inexperienced in the art of eye makeup.
Choosing your costume is only half the battle; now it's time to tackle your face with some helpful Halloween makeup instructions.
To truly understand what makes So Sexy so charismatic, it may be helpful to take a closer look at the scents that started it all.
Sample invitation text is very helpful, as you can use this wording exactly as it is or change it to suit your own tastes.
In a known drug user, sweating, involuntary sniffing and pupillary dilation are helpful physical signs of early withdrawal from opiates.
Trinity and missionary ecclesiology It is a helpful truism to state that best theology starts with the topic of God.
Here the very system, being an acronym, is helpful in bringing to mind important risk factors for stroke with non-rheumatic atrial fibrillation.
However, helpful and important EU Directives on settlement finality and financial collateral have reduced the risks of these legal barriers.
Gestures are helpful to boys, who are often later verbal communicators and may need to alleviate physical frustration and stress.
It is quite helpful to me as I am woefully ignorant when it comes to matters of economics at this level.
Herbs that may be helpful An animal study showed that an extract of hawthorn significantly reduced the number of experimentally induced arrhythmias.
Prepare Yourself But awakening the kundalini is not always going to be helpful to you if your mind is not clean.
It may be helpful to adjust the illuminating mirror and point the illumination system slightly higher or lower than center.
Bernard finds a suitable boat hire company, and negotiates for a medium large motorboat with plenty of helpful electronic gizmos.
Therefore they will be helpful in single case studies in cognitive neuropsychology in which, typically, control sample are modest in size.
The staff were very helpful, the chef genuinely passionate about the food and the stunning belly dancers topped off two brilliant nights.
The former makes this book one of the more helpful aids out there, the latter makes the experience intensely pleasurable.
A chest X-ray is more helpful in excluding other diagnoses (e.g. pneumothorax ), but may show a wedge shaped pulmonary infarct.
It may be helpful to remove the radiator shroud in order to have room to remove the fan from the engine bay.
A little practice is really all it takes, but in order to get started, it can be very helpful for beginners to witness the process in person and firsthand.
Especially with Longo's vibrant colors and liberal use of sparkle and glow, a crash course in wearing brilliant hues can be extremely helpful.
Needless to say, it's helpful to have some high cheekbones of your own if you really want to look the part of Cher, but the right colors and technique will help you fake it beautifully.
Another good major city apartment resource is Rentnet, which also features a handy list of tips and other helpful articles on how to learn the ins and outs of apartment searching online.
This is particularly helpful if you are willing to relocate just about anywhere to get your feet wet in your field.
You can also use Google Maps to get yourself from point "A" to point "B." This can be particularly helpful if you have a phone with Internet capability.
This is a helpful feature, as subtle regional differences in the language could change the entire meaning of a sentence.
Less of an online fireworks store than a source of industry information, Fireworks Jungle provides the average consumer with helpful tidbits about fireworks and the fireworks industry in and around Texas.
Whether she is looking for work for her modeling career or photos for her husband, sometimes being reminded of her motivation is helpful.
You can also post your photos for peer review, which is helpful in learning how to improve your photography skills.
Even if you don't walk away with the grand prize, you may be able to obtain helpful feedback from professionals, which you can use to hone your craft.
Many amateur shutterbugs often research famous photographers and their works to gain inspiration and helpful tips on how to tell a story through the camera's lens.
Since Photoshop's array of tools is vast and varied, this is a very helpful breakdown of the important features for different user groups.
Having a beginner photography guide to consult is incredibly helpful when you're just getting your feet wet shooting different subjects.
However, the help function embedded within the program itself is not very helpful at all, and the community forum is not altogether welcoming to beginners.
This professional photo editing program will especially be helpful for Mac users who want to have more powerful versions of iPhoto's features and who have newer computers that can handle the program's resource requirements.
For the best chance of making great treats, keep a few helpful tips and pointers in mind before you start cooking.
When you're trying to start your own business and you have a limited amount of money to invest, it's helpful to keep in mind the idea of guerilla marketing.
If you find it difficult to learn through simply reading a written tutorial, video podcasts can be very helpful for mastering new scrapbooking techniques.
If you're having trouble choosing one particular method of organizing your scrapbook layouts, it may be helpful to invest in an album with a -ring binding closure.
You may also find it helpful to pre-punch the holes for your stitches by using an anywhere hole punch intended for setting eyelets or a paper piecer.
Copies of magazines such as Memory Makers and Creating Keepsakes with free bride scrapbooking ideas may also be helpful if several of the guests have never made a scrapbook page before.
This is especially helpful if you have young children at home, since kids have witty observations on life that can make excellent page titles and journaling starters for your scrapbook layouts.
Free how to scrapbook with Photoshop tutorials can be a helpful resource for anyone interested in improving their digital scrapbooking skills.
The kits are extremely helpful for beginners, but people of all skill levels can appreciate the convenience of a scrapbook kit.
Before you can decide on the best storage for Jolee stickers, it's helpful to spend some time organizing your sticker collection.
If you're planning a Disney vacation, it's helpful to consider some scrapbook journal ideas for Disney layouts so you're better prepared to design your pages once you return.
When you're having trouble finding the right words for scrapbook journal ideas for Disney layouts, sometimes it can be helpful to look at list of fun page titles.
When looking at purchasing scrapbooking tools, it's helpful to think of your purchase in terms of the cost per use.
You'll also find acid-free pens, cropping tools, photo mounting tools and supplies, page planners, tearing tools, and other helpful items.
This is especially helpful to consultants that are also avid scrapbookers since they won't have to spend their actual earnings on scrapbook supplies.
Wholesale prices are especially helpful to small business owners who may not always have the budget to buy huge amounts, but just need a case or two of needed items.
You can also order multiple copies of the finished album, which is helpful if you'd like to give a scrapbook to each of your children.
As you create page layouts, you may find it helpful to keep a list of quotes and sayings for scrapbooks.
For example, if you are a huge Basic Grey fan and have albums using only their products, searching for sample pages created with Basic Grey supplies is more helpful to you than only searching by theme.
Also known as make-n-takes, the demos illustrate how to use new products, as well as provide helpful tips on how to better use the supplies you already have.
This type of theme scrapbook is not only a personal gift, but also one that can be very helpful to the recipient.
They are also helpful if you are a beginner or intermediate skier looking for ways to improve techniques and move up to a more advanced level.
While many of the recommendations on finding the correct length ski for your needs are helpful, the best indication is how you feel while skiing.
This is a particularly helpful technique for women, who are more prone than men to want to talk through problems and emotions, and more likely to feel a positive resolution when they do.
By knowing how to control this emotion, you can use its energy to affect your life and the lives of others in a positive and helpful way.
By knowing how to make a stress reliever kit, you will always be able to give a thoughtful and helpful gift or to find a way to relieve your own stress quickly and easily.
Try not to say anything negative about a particular person or a family member because it really won't serve any helpful purpose; the odds are good that your spouse knows exactly how you feel.
In the grander scheme of things, however, most people know that stress is not helpful to the body, and when there is an underlying medical condition, such as hypertension, it can only hurt, not help any effort to get better.
Perhaps. If your child has behavioral issues at school, and/or at home, then this type of test may be helpful.
What's more, they may also have some helpful tips on how to deal with anger, as well as what the next best steps are.
Learning free anger management skills can be very helpful when you are caught in a situation where you feel as if you might lose your temper.
Before you start your search, it may be helpful to note that there are no specific men's meditation cushions, just meditation cushions.
Since anxiety and depression often go hand in hand, it's helpful to get a clearer picture to ensure the best treatment.
With the amount of time that many people spend in front of the computer these days, it can be helpful to play desktop games for stress relief.
Because you can't always control stressful situations around you, it's helpful to know how to control yourself and your own mind through relaxing and rejuvenating activities.
Management of stress can improve both short-term and long-term health; one technique that may be helpful is the use of humor.
Using a time management matrix will be helpful to you only if you commit to using it as a tool to bring about meaningful change.
They can also be very helpful if you find it difficult to strike up conversation with others in person, or if you are shy.
Beyond these subjects, you'll also find helpful tools like conversion calculators and the periodical table common to the subject of chemistry.
The map view feature also allows teens to view where potential jobs are in relation to their home, which may be especially helpful for teens who will have to walk or take public transportation in order to get to work.
If you would like to start a new club or just want to improve your current club, Anime Clubs Unite is a helpful resource with advice from people who have been there before.
Sometimes talking to someone who is not so emotionally attached to you (a school counselor, a professional therapist) can be really helpful in sorting out your feelings and expectations.
An online clothing store that can also be helpful is Tranniegear,which has sizing charts for clothing as well as shoes in their tips section.
The site includes a helpful search page for local programs, such as community groups and gay-straight alliances in high schools.
When it comes to fitness, one can really see the mind-body connection, and the psychological benefits of exercise may be particularly helpful to teenagers.
Resources such as the National Eating Disorders Association and the websites www.edreferral.com and www.bulimia.com offer helpful lists of treatment centers in locations across the United States.
As a teenage girl, clothes are a way of expressing yourself and it can be helpful to browse at junior clothing stores online to find the latest trends as well as amazing deals and unique styles.
Also, rehearsing your answers to questions that may be asked in a beauty pageant with a family member or friend is a helpful tool.
While you don't want to throw out your scale literally (especially if it belongs to your parents!), it can be helpful to stop weighing yourself.
You want to exude your own personality and style, of course, but it is helpful to look at what other teen girls have done.
However, for teen twins that are closer with one another, it can be helpful to have someone in your life experiencing some of the same emotions at the same time.
Taking business and industry classes in high school can be very helpful if you want to have a career that has something to do with running companies, or if you want to go into an industry-based career after you finish your schooling.
Taking a business or industry class as a high school elective can be fun and helpful to your future career as well.
While you can earn a scholarship for sports or being involved in the art programs at your school, an acedemic scholarship is just as important and just as helpful.
It can also be helpful to follow a workbook or discuss a book chapter as you plan small group Bible studies for youth.
Whatever reason you think it might be helpful, a list of prom themes is definitely a useful tool for high school teens to have around prom time.
While you don't need to be a world class poet, it can be helpful to look at examples to understand the structure of poetry.
For others, it can still be helpful to lose a few pounds in order to stay as healthy as possible.
With so many college classes requiring Internet research and term paper writing, many new college students find it helpful to have a personal computer while away at school.
When you are trying to get more probiotic foods in your diet, the idea of nothing but yogurt may not be appealing. other foods which contain these helpful bacteria are, for the most part, readily available.
Together, these authors have written other helpful books as well that should be on every vegetarian bookshelf, such as The  Minute Vegan and Vegan Fusion World Cuisine.
Nuts, nut butters, and seeds are rich in heart-healthy monounsatured fats and oils and are excellent sources of protein that provide the body with many helpful nutrients.
Most of these drinks contain raw ingredients only, so drinking them is a good way to help your body absorb helpful vitamins, minerals, and nutrients.
While most bridal boutiques do have a large variety of styles, it may be helpful to seek out a designer that has a collection devoted to destination weddings.
Momentville offers free websites for couples planning to get married along with many helpful tools such as checklists, budget tools, picture galleries and forums.
Everyone was helpful and doing everything they could, so leave it up to my groomsmen to do their best to make sure the wedding came off with a hitch.
If you are ever in a position where you have to call off your own wedding, it is helpful to know how to handle the situation.
New brides and grooms often receive quite a bit of marriage advice, ranging from the genuinely helpful to the bizarre.
Making time for both sets of in-laws and other family and major holidays, or alternating holidays between in-laws can be helpful.
For additional information about the meaning of various wedding flowers, check out the helpful guide on the USA Bride website.
The photos will help refresh your memory and serve as a helpful visual aid for the florist, decorator, or wedding planner.
Our tuxedo renters were helpful in providing a right shoe that was  / sizes larger than the left in order to accommodate the massive layers of gauze.
Save on Crafts has a surprising amount of helpful information when it comes to arranging silk flowers, from corsages to the eight basic floral arrangements for tabletop settings.
This can be especially helpful for couples planning a very unique or unconventional event when traditional invitations may seem out of place.
Wedding supplies catalogs can not only bring everything in the store to the front door, but also provide helpful wedding planning tips and hints along the way.
Wedding supplies catalogs offer help from the time of announcing the engagement all the way through the honeymoon and beyond with their helpful ideas and merchandise.
If you're having a theme wedding, they are especially helpful, but they are also great to have when your wedding is color coordinated, which almost every wedding today is.
A helpful idea is to create a list of desired items that they develop with the help of stores that offer wedding registry services.
While it is not necessary to have both the bride and groom present to register gifts, it is helpful if they can work together to choose items that will be acceptable to both of them, rather than having one person choose everything.
In order to truly keep the menu simple, it can be helpful to narrow the menu idea down a bit.
It may also be helpful to listen to recordings of the musicians' prior work to determine whether they would fit into your ceremony vision.
Wedding cake etiquette and cutting tips can be confusing, so it's helpful to check out a wedding cake cutting guide for a brief overview on what to do.
Pineapples are a universal symbol of hospitality and a wonderful option that is especially helpful if you are on a tight budget.
Before talking with potential decorators, it's helpful to have a specific idea of what you want so you can articulate requests and get accurate pricing estimates.
If you're interested in a heart shaped cake, it's helpful to narrow down wedding cake design options before you have your first conversation with a baker or decorator.
All of these resources are also helpful for brides who do hire a wedding planner, so they are knowledgeable about area options when speaking with the consultant.
