
Helpless until the trees finished flinging them around, Katie struggled to grab the branches, so she didn't end up like Deidre.  Finally, a branch wrapped around her and pulled her through the canopy, dumping her at the edge of the jungle.  Toby landed with a grunt beside her, and she lay still to catch her breath, still hoping Deidre reappeared.
She hung, helpless and exhausted, stuck in the in-between place until the pain of her head hitting something hard jarred her into consciousness.
You may be hurt and feeling helpless and desperate and God knows what and I'm sorry as hell but I have a life too, and I'll not have you ruin it!
But now that Poland lay utterly helpless and surrounded by the three great military monarchies of Europe, nothing could save her.
Though he took an oath to take care of her, he'd never expected she'd be lying in his bed, helpless against his world.
For the first time in his life, he felt helpless to help the small form of the woman before him.
She was, alas, the helpless victim of my outbursts of temper and of affection, so that she became much the worse for wear.
Instinctively, he reached for his power, only to find it bound by the magic of the underworld.  He was as helpless as a stupid human.
The gods of Olympus are challenged one by one, and shown to be either vile or helpless, or both at once.
If we try to know the real world, we find ourselves distracted by opposite arguments (" ` Antithetic of Pure Reason "), plausible and resistless in attack, helpless in defence.
He didn't understand why the self-proclaimed guardian of humans would drag such a helpless creature into this web of evil.
The weakest passages in Der fliegende Hollander are not so helpless as the original recitatives of Venus in the first act; or Tannhauser's song, which was too far involved in the whole scheme to be ousted by the mature " New Venusberg music " with which Wagner fifteen years later got rid both of the end of the overture and what he called his " Palais-Royal " Venus.
Steps lead from this temple to an enclosed flight of stairs, which in the cold season descend to the water, but in the rains are covered almost to the top. This is the ghat where some  helpless people were slain, in spite of a promise of safe-conduct from the Nana.
The State also admitted that large classes of its citizens - the clergy, students, crusaders, widows and the miserable and helpless in general - were justiceable only by Church tribunals.
While I knew we were helpless to do anything positive in Howie's absence, I never-the-less opened the site where Betsy located cases for our attention.
Some things are really necessaries of life in some circles, the most helpless and diseased, which in others are luxuries merely, and in others still are entirely unknown.
At the same time the fact that the lovers are the helpless victims of the fatal force of a magic spell is insisted upon, in order that their career of falsehood and deception may not deprive them of sympathy.
During the early period of their sojourn in the pouch, the blind, naked, helpless young creatures (which in the great kangaroo scarcely exceed an inch in length) are attached by their mouths to the nipple of the mother, and are fed by milk injected into their stomach by the contraction of the muscle covering the mammary gland.
The Lydian king, finding that Nineveh was helpless to assist him, turned instead to Egypt and furnished the mercenaries with whose help Psammetichus drove the Assyrians out of the country and suppressed his brother satraps.
In September of the same year his physical malady reached a crisis, from which he emerged a helpless wreck, with faculties paralysed rather than destroyed - "He never talked nonsense or said a foolish thing."
Livingstone had "the impression that he was in hell," but was helpless, though his "first impulse was to pistol the murderers."
How helpless can people feel, in the face of such adversity; it would take a miracle to save us now.
I felt strangely helpless and vulnerable as the first tinkling chunks whizzed by, Es cursing increasingly loudly from his precarious perch high above.
He is poor and helpless and lonely now, but before another April education will have brought light and gladness into Tommy's life.
But though he might ward off blows from his own realm, he was helpless to aid Mercia or East Anglia, and still more the distant Northumbria.
Of the directors, Sieyes and his friend Ducos had arranged to resign; Barras was cajoled and bribed into resigning; Gohier and Moulins, who were intractable, found themselves imprisoned in the Luxemburg palace and helpless.
Your husband at once went to try and help others who were rendered helpless, and in so doing lost his own life.
She was helpless, and the violence of her grief and anger soon changed to passive resistance, and than to a complete forbearance and complaisance which gained the king's regard and favour.
In  the citizens purchased the manor of Southwark, and with it they became possessed of the monastery of St Thomas, which was enlarged and prepared for the reception of " poor, sick and helpless objects."
In  Benedict Biscop, abbot of Wearmouth, was obliged to obtain glass-workers from France, and in  Cuthbert, abbot of Jarrow, appealed to the bishop of Mainz to send him artisans to manufacture " windows and vessels of glass, because the English were ignorant and helpless."
In the words of an English officer, "The sun appearing upon the sea, I heard Nol say, ` Now let God arise, and let His enemies be scattered,' and following us as we slowly marched I heard him say, `I profess they run.'" Driven into the broken ground, and penned between Doon Hill and the ravine, the Scots were indeed helpless.
Bulgaria herself was helpless; the Powers would not assist her; her late allies - now her enemies - were not opposed to the Turkish aggression; and in the end Bulgaria executed a treaty restoring the province to the Ottoman Empire.
Others protested against the anomalous and helpless position of the so-called king, who, if he 'could do no harm, was certainly powerless for good.
When this has taken place on a considerable scale, the critic is helpless; but minor injuries may sometimes be traced and remedied.
In the presence of the revolutionary troubles, which began with agrarian riots in Galicia in , and then spread over the whole empire, he was personally helpless.
Silesia remained a principal objective of the various contending armies and was occupied almost continuously by a succession of ill-disciplined mercenary forces whose depredations and exactions, accentuated at times by religious fanaticism, reduced the country to a state of helpless misery.
He compelled the wealthy to share their riches with the indigent and helpless and to make them their equals in respect of all the comforts and conditions of life.
This was done in the teeth of the expressed wish of Russia; it roused the helpless resentment of Servia, whose economic dependence upon the Dual Monarchy was emphasized by the outcome of the war of tariffs into which she had plunged in , and who saw in this scheme another link in the chain forged for her by the Habsburg empire; it  Alois, Count Lexa von Aerenthal, was born on the th of September  at Gross-Skal in Bohemia, studied at Bonn and Prague, was attache at Paris () and afterwards at St Petersburg, envoy extraordinary at Bucharest () and ambassador at St Petersburg ().
The German members of the government resigned, their place was taken by Clericals, Poles and Czechs, Smolka was elected president of the Lower House of the Reichsrath, and the German Liberals found themselves in a minority opposed by the " iron ring " of these three parties, and helpless in the parliament of their own creation.
An unbiased European can, no doubt, see many things at a glance more clearly than a good Moslem who is under the influence of religious prejudice; but we should still be helpless without the exegetical literature of the Mahommedans.
The idea that Alfred, during his retreat at Athelney, was a helpless fugitive rests upon the foolish legend of the cakes.
France was helpless, the tumult of Ambroise alarmed the Guises for their own lives and power, and the regent, long in bad health, was dying in Edinburgh castle.
In  he was as active in arms in the north as Hamilton, on the king's side, was dilatory and helpless in the south.
Ferdinand, feeling himself helpless to resist, acceded to the demand, appointed a ministry composed of Murat's old adherents, and entrusted his authority to his son.
In September  both parties were once more in arms. York protested that he acted only in self-defence, but the desertion of his best soldiers at Ludlow on the th of October left him helpless.
We see a real man, but a man helpless anywhere save in the study or in the convent - a little fresh-coloured man, with soft brown eyes, who had a habit of stealing away to his cubiculum whenever the conversation became too lively; somewhat bent, for it is on record that he stood upright when the psalms were chanted, and even rose on his tiptoes with his face turned upwards; genial, if shy, and occasionally given to punning, as when he said that he preferred Psalmi to Salmones; a man who perhaps led the most placid uneventful life of all men who ever wrote a book or scribbled letters.
At any rate England was as helpless as the Empire when first the Danish and Norwegian galleys began to cross the North Sea, and to beat down both sides of Britain seeking for prey.
In the meantime the provinces of the Netherlands had revolted against the arbitrary and oppressive Spanish rule, and Don John of Austria, who had been sent as governorgeneral to restore order, had found himself helpless in face of the superior talent and personal influence of the prince of Orange, who had succeeded in uniting all the provinces in common resistance to the civil and religious tyranny of Philip. In the autumn of  Farnese was sent to join Don John at the head of reinforcements, and it was mainly his prompt decision at a critical moment that won the battle of Gemblours ().
The Persian soldier in Herodotus, following Xerxes to foreseen ruin, confides to his fellow-guest at the banquet that the bitterest pain which man can know is roXXa Opo v-ra, unSEvOs Kpariaav, - complete, but helpless, prescience.
No longer firmly rooted in the soil, the monarchy was helpless before local powers which confronted it, seized upon the land, and cut off connection between throne and people.
As was to be expected,, an oath taken under compulsion by such a man was little binding; and the French troops were compelled to witness, with helpless indignation, the orgy of cruel reaction which immediately began under the protection of their bayonets.
The Industrial School, which is for orphan, helpless, wayward and abandoned children, is governed by a board of directors consisting of the governor, comptroller, secretary of state, and treasurer as ex officio members, and seven other members, a portion retiring every two years, and their successors being appointed by the remaining directors with the concurrence of the senate.
A woman raped, or a person screaming for mercy or a child frightened to death, helpless and pleading for their mother?
He sat helpless, against the wall with his arms resting on his knees, aching for her; fearful that tonight would forever change all they had become to each other.
He didn't appear.  Unease filled her, and she wondered if the phantom would leave her there alone, even knowing she was helpless without it.  Katie ate a water cube and rose, starting off in the direction Andre had been headed.
Something within Katie snapped at the despair in Deidre's voice.  It was the type of helpless self-pity she'd felt since entering the Immortal's world.  Katie glared at the jungle around them.
By morning, we'll probably be surrounded by shapeshifting demons and assassins out to get us.  I'm tired of playing this game.  I'm not going to be helpless anymore.
If the Watchers hadn't needed him alive for some reason, they'd have killed him as he lay helpless and seizing in their cave.
In , we acted for the sake of those helpless before a military colossus, for the sake of Germany's neighbors.
Hunt met the delivery perfectly and struck a wonderful right foot half volley high into the net with goalkeeper Smith left helpless.
We hope you will join us in our fight to stamp out the senseless slaughter of billions of helpless insects across the world.
Pictures are VERY useful in court and most landlords will be helpless if you can prove you left the property spotless.
He and Ida managed to keep straight faces but Judy and I and the two children kept breaking into helpless giggles.
His shot was deflected to Mark Tinkler, who hit a crisp right-foot volley into the far corner past a helpless Roger Freestone.
There is also a state humane society, which was organized in  for the protection of children and of the helpless aged, and for the prevention of cruelty to animals.
During the remainder of his residence at Lausanne he had good reason to " indulge his dream of felicity "; but on his return to England, " I soon discovered that my father would not hear of this strange alliance, and that without his consent I was myself destitute and helpless.
The number of species of beetles that inhabit ants' nests is almost incredibly large, and most of these are never found elsewhere, being blind, helpless and dependent on the ants' care for protection and food; these beetles belong for the most part to the families Pselaphidae, Paussidae and Staphylinidae.
Prince Andrew longed to snatch up, to squeeze, to hold to his heart, this helpless little creature, but dared not do so.
It was evident that Prince Andrew's ironical tone toward the pilgrims and Princess Mary's helpless attempts to protect them were their customary long-established relations on the matter.
Agoraphobia-Abnormal anxiety regarding public places or situations from which the person may wish to flee or in which he or she would be helpless in the event of a panic attack.
Yes, men like to fix things, but if you are helpless all the time it can be tiring and old.
Sometimes teenagers feel helpless finding a job that teaches them responsibility, broadens their social circle, and gives them money to manage.
However, most emotional eaters already understand basic nutritional theory and understand how they should eat; they just find themselves helpless to cope with pain in any way other than eating.
During the course of Angel's journey, he battled for the helpless and eventually became CEO of Wolfram and Hart, a turn of events that forced him to confront his own disillusioned nature.
Methos is over  years old and in prehistoric times was one of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, vicious marauders who preyed on the helpless.
Scattered widely on the surface of their planet, they see the use of robots as a sign of status, and are made helpless at anything but ordering robots to tend to their every need.
News reporter Sakai and his friends started to discuss their options, because all were convinced that the military was helpless against the beast.
He ascended two floors to the hallway where Kris's supplies had been stocked.  He recalled how hard it could be taking care of a helpless creature like Katie or Toby.  He strode to the chamber that had served as a department store full of clothing to Kris's Immortals.  Not surprised to find the chamber ransacked, he sifted through the remaining clothing on the floor.  He guessed Toby's size and stuffed a bag with a few items before going to the food supplies.
Herein he divided the class A y es into two subclasses, to which he applied the names of Insessores and Grallatores (hitherto used by their inventors Vigors and Illiger in a different sense), in the latter work relying chiefly for this division on characters which had not before been used by any systematist, namely that in the former group monogamy generally prevailed and the helpless nestlings were fed by their parents, while the latter group were mostly polygamous, and the chicks at birth were active and capable of feeding themselves.
Feeling herself helpless and almost isolated in Paris, she now relied chiefly on her friends outside France - Mercy, Count Axel Fersen, and the baron de Breteuil; and it was by their help and that of Bouille that after the death of Mirabeau, on the th of April , the plan was arranged of escaping to Montmedy, which ended in the flight to Varennes (June , ).
The climate is so arid, and precipitation so extremely rare, that the fine powdery material falls a helpless prey to the winds.
The Russians then poured into eastern Poland; the Prussians, at the beginning of , alarmed lest Catherine should appropriate the whole Republic, occupied Great Poland; and a diminutive, debased and helpless assembly met at Grodno in order, in the midst of a Russian army corps,"to come to an amicable understanding" with the partitioning powers.
Geographers are practically helpless as historians, and problems of the former elevation and distribution of the land and sea masses depend for their solution chiefly upon the palaeontologist.
Though his own sympathies, and those of his allpowerful minister, Max Josef von Montgelas, were, if anything, French rather than Austrian, the state of the Bavarian finances, and the fact that the Bavarian troops were scattered and disorganized, placed him helpless in the hands of Austria;.
London was not to be supposed helpless in such an emergency; Manchester, Glasgow and Dumfries, rid of his presence, had risen against him, and Charles paused.
At all events the lion remains with the lioness while the cubs are young and helpless, and assists in providing her and them with food, and in educating them in the art of providing for themselves.
Accustomed to look to Austria for guidance and material support, the princes everywhere found themselves helpless in face of the popular clamour.
Psammetichus died in the fifty-fourth year of his reign and was succeeded by his son Necho,  B.C. Taking advantage of the helpless state of the Assyrians, whose capital was assailed by the Medes and the Babylonians, the new Pharaoh prepared an expedition to recover the ancient possessions of the Empire in Syria.
Besides these characters, the rabbit is separated from the hare by the fact that it brings forth its young naked, blind, and helpless; to compensate for this, it digs a deep burrow in the earth in which they are born and reared, while the young of the hare are born fully clothed with fur, and able to take care of themselves, in the shallow depression or "form" in which they are produced.
Story missions are unlocked by completing specific objectives, so in between events you'll be able to explore to your heart's content and beef up your reflexes by either rescuing helpless citizens or taking down street thugs.
Mary took leave of her first and last master with passionate anguish and many parting kisses; but in face of his enemies, and in hearing of the cries which burst from the ranks, demanding her death by fire as a murderess and harlot, the whole heroic and passionate spirit of the woman, represented by her admirers as a spiritless imbecile, flamed out in responsive threats to have all the men hanged and crucified, in whose power she now stood helpless and alone.
Dorothy was captured in the same way, and numbers of the Gargoyles clung to Jim's legs, so weighting him down that the poor beast was helpless.
It is very beautiful to think that people far away in England feel sorry for a little helpless child in America.
Kind people will not disappoint me, when they know that I plead for helpless little children who live in darkness and ignorance.
She said that Maud was born deaf and lost her sight when she was only three months old, and that when she went to the Institution a few weeks ago, she was quite helpless.
She vividly recalled the moment when he had his first stroke and was being dragged along by his armpits through the garden at Bald Hills, muttering something with his helpless tongue, twitching his gray eyebrows and looking uneasily and timidly at her.
Your newborn won't be tiny and helpless for long, and you'll be glad you painted her walls in washable paint!
Although you may feel relatively helpless when in a situation of having an account in collections you do actually have plenty of rights in this situation.
Because people in serious debt often feel helpless and don't know where to turn, there are a lot of scams out there.
Many families feel helpless feelings while watching a loved one go experience some sort of a personal crisis at one time or another in their lives.
As a dog lays dying, many owners feel quite helpless, but there are a few things you can do to help your dog, and yourself, through these final moments.
I grabbed a rubber band and secured the button on my controller for a few hours while my characters constantly sucked magic out of a helpless critter.
Youngest children may feel weak and helpless because they compare themselves with older siblings who are able to do more things physically and socially.
