
Sentences
The nights made him think fondly of his old friend, an ancient blind man who saved him from madness in the catacombs.
Still, now that my son is well into his second year of life, I think back on that time fondly.
Some ecclesiastical historians have fondly imagined that after the sack of Rome the bishop Innocent returned to a position of predominance.
The fondly cherished theory which attributes Milesian descent to the bulk of the native population has at length been assailed.
I've been watching soaps since childhood, and I wanted to share with people the moments that I always fondly--or not so fondly--recall when I think back.
Many in their s and s may fondly remember watching the soaps with their grandmother or another older relative, and the TV guide was probably not too far out of reach on a nearby coffee table.
Family and friends-Family and friends may be asked to sign a memory book and relate a personal story that they remember fondly about the baby and his or her family.
A Quinces, as it's fondly called, is a party in celebration of a young Hispanic lady's fifteenth birthday, when she becomes a woman.
Burns reminisces fondly of a show in Barcelona last December, where his fourteen piece band turned a concert performance into a party.
How long will it be before we start reminiscing fondly of the days when "  megs of RAM was enough for anybody "?
Among the other churches of Cologne, which was fondly styled in the middle ages the ",,holy city," (heilige Stadt) and "German Rome," and, according to legend, possessed as many sacred fanes as there are days in the year, are several of interest both for their age and for the monuments and works of art they contain.
In addition to these great and beneficent changes, means were taken for developing more rapidly the vast natural resources of the country, public instruction received an unprecedented impetus, a considerable amount of liberty was accorded to the press, a strong spirit of liberalism pervaded rapidly all sections of the educated classes, a new imaginative and critical literature dealing with economic, philosophical and political questions sprang into existence, and for a time the young generation fondly imagined that Russia, awakening from her traditional lethargy, was about to overtake, and soon to surpass, on the path of national progress, the older nations of western Europe.
Others who came out Monday morning to assess the damage fondly recalled watching the puppies roughhouse in the storefront window.
Fondly referred to as the duke and duchess of the antiques world, the late Ralph Kovel and his wife Terry have been world renowned experts in their field for many years.
When it's your day to shine, you want to do everything possible to create beautiful memories you'll fondly look back on.
If you fondly remember shopping for your first bra with a big smile on your face, you may have had an enjoyable time.
A graduation is one of the high points in any person's life, so it's important to mark the occasion with a celebration the graduation will remember fondly for years to come.
A dark chocolate wedding cake with orange cream filling will be remembered just as fondly as a unique cake design.
Rashies, as they are fondly referred to, also dry out extremely fast, giving them an advantage over ordinary swimwear and T-shirts.
For parents, making Christmas craft projects with your children can become a longtime tradition that they'll fondly remember when they grow up and have their own kids.
Also, I had fondly imagined that we would have vast quantities and that we would have made tons of jam.
They might fondly think of Matthew as following Jesus around with a notebook, making little jottings whenever he had a spare moment.
Within the bush, her covert nest A little linnet fondly prest The dew sat chilly on her breast Sae early in the morning.
If you grew up in the southwestern part of the buckeye state, then you will fondly remember Americana Amusement Park in Ohio.
The style was clearly different than anything American audiences had experienced, but it was welcomed by the kids who watched it and remembered fondly by them as adults today.
He resigned this post in , upon the death of his wife, to whom he was fondly attached, and, though making some efforts to connect himself with journalism, spent the years immediately succeeding in idleness, residing for the most part in Paris.
The original MUD is still remembered fondly by old-timers, but it was too good to remain locked away in a university computer.
He was a quiet unassuming man who will be fondly remembered by everyone with whom he had been in contact.
While the functionality and stylishness of pocket watches is no longer center stage in the time keeping world, pocket watches remain as a huge part of our history and a representation of things fondly vintage, noble, and high class.
And since they come in thongs, briefs, v-strings and even hiphugger styles, you can't go wrong, and you WON'T get those dreaded visible panty lines (fondly referred to as VPL's).
What would become of the confessional if penitents were allowed to act on what they fondly took to be a heaven-sent inspiration?
The British who fled before the Teutonic and Scandinavian invasions of the th and th centuries, had carried with them to Armorica, and fondly cherished, the remembrance of Arthur and his deeds, which in time had become interwoven with traditions of purely Breton origin.
The representative of this tendency, Chrysippus, addressed himself to the congenial task of assimilating, developing, systematizing the doctrines bequeathed to him, and, above all, securing them in their stereotyped and final form, not simply from the assaults of the past, but, as after a long and successful career of controversy and polemical authorship he fondly hoped, from all possible attack in the future.
He was as keen in his resentments as he was ardent in his friendships; fondly attached to his family, he yet disliked a deserving son; he gave full praise to Leibnitz and Leonhard Euler, yet was blind to the excellence of Sir Isaac Newton.
A monastic library was the proper place for this gentle emotional dreamer, who clung so fondly to the ancient traditions.
His father was a poor hard-worked peasant; his mother "ad custodiam rei domesticae attenta, in opere alacris, in victu sobria, in potu abstemia, in verbo pauca, in factis pudica," as her son fondly says, kept a dame's school for the younger children of the town.
The Cretans themselves, however, were eager for a change, and, disappointed in the hope of a Genoese occupation, were ready, as is stated in the report of a Venetian commissioner, to exchange the rule of the Venetians for that of the Turks, whom they fondly expected to find more lenient, or at any rate less energetic, masters.
