
Next minute there was a roar and a sharp crash, and at her side Dorothy saw the ground open in a wide crack and then come together again.
The mother dragon probably knows the road to the earth's surface, and if she went the other way then we have come the wrong way, said the Wizard, thoughtfully.
It was nice having Alex home all day and having the family together, but all good things come to an end.
From the time they broke up, she knew it could come to this if he were left to his own devices.
I'd planned to ask Quinn and Martha to come in so I could tell them what I'd learned but the more I considered it, I decided a phone call was sufficient.
She halted and quickly piled five small stones in an arrow pointing back the way they'd come, then wiped her muddied hands on her jeans.
So she ran along over their heads until she had left them far behind and below and had come to the city and the House of the Sorcerer.
Pierre was among those who saw him come out from the merchants' hall with tears of emotion in his eyes.
If he hadn't come along, she'd probably be dead, and yet, he had done nothing to assist after Allen left.
When he opened the glove box, I was sure he'd come out with a gun, but he had a little tablet instead.
The winter wind has come a-calling and moans through cracks and crevices like so many ghosts visiting from hell, wailing and beckoning for me to join them.
If you don't come up with some answers, you're going to find the police at our door, asking you some pretty pointed questions.
I saw it in the paper yesterday and thought since I had Saturday off, I'd come out and look at it for you.
If she had come up with Brandon when he asked, she would have been there when Mr. Marsh suffered the heart attack.
He left us kids to fend for ourselves and now he thinks he can come back and pick up where he left off.
Every year I come out here and try to convince him to get with the times, but it's to no avail.
But it didn't fit the man she had come to know, and she wasn't about to believe it simply because he hadn't made a pass at her yet.
I wasn't as fearful I couldn't come back but I'm still concerned that it will happen every time I try to sleep.
When my aunt practically insisted he visit me, I was scared to death wondering what he knew or why he wanted to come.
The least we should do is come up with a fool proof way of giving a tip that can't be traced back to us!
They're all several hours after the fact and come from an unusual viewpoint; not where there would naturally be someone observing.
My wife thought he should go or Howie should simply kiss his mother's hand, give an excuse of pressing business, and come back east.
Was it because all the stupid clones out there who read this trash lack the brains to come close to finding her?
It took us two hours to come ten miles from the airport and Julie had to direct him the last mile and she just got here herself.
I confirmed that she had temporarily began working but something else has come up so she should expect another lull.
I guess he drove to the airport to pick up Martha and Claire but I guess they didn't come in when they were supposed to.
Julie wants desperately to come back east but Howie wants to talk to Martha and learn the truth before he leaves.
A voice from the other stall cried out the name Julie, but I had opened it too, and with knife at the woman's throat, calmly told her to adjust her clothing and come with me.
It was as if I hadn't had time to come to grips with that tragedy with the world wind swirling around me.
Please, Elizabeth, remove all of your clothing; everything and come to the door with your hands in front of you.
It's in the newspapers and magazines but no one but only I with my brilliance have come close to finding the secret!
Tears come to my eyes these months later as I pen these words, sitting in the comfort of our Surry, New Hampshire home with Betsy by my side.
I doubt the trip will ever come about as each of us seems content with our hands-off, albeit revered, relationship.
I didn't want to come here but I know about … he told me-- and I never told anyone, I swear it-- about your healing ability.
And if this Miami thing gets as bad as we both think it will, he might have to come back soon anyway.
Either they were all huge enough to come straight out of an action movie, or her drugs had not yet worn off.
While Cynthia might not have "come to terms" with her quickly acquired family, she was positively thrilled to announce the wedding to all who'd listen, skirting the impending birth like a ballet dancer, concentrating on lace and promises, even if the color was off-white.
I've come to terms over Randy—at least to the extent where I realize I can't do anything about it.
It seemed to come from behind them but it could have been anything—a dislodged rock, an echo of their own movements.
If Seymour wants a job at Bird Song cleaning out toilets, perhaps when he loses this election, he should come by.
He closed the door to Brandon Westlake and told the old photographer-antique collector to come back after nine o'clock, claiming a need to do his own Internet work.
Dean sensed his wife looked forward to the service and it helped her to come to terms with her son's sudden marriage.
He wanted to ask her about the bones but knew any such discussion would be the height of tastelessness for a long time to come.
It did sound as if the Dawkins boys' temporary peace had come to an end, but Dean paid little heed to the raised voices.
Paul felt responsible for Josh's quick exit and when Ed talked about leaving Ouray with his family, Paul arranged for the Plotkes to come to California.
When the child he told about the bones didn't come forward and report what he saw, Billy still felt wrong about the skeleton remaining undiscovered.
He was dressed as if he'd just come from some club, all in leather with his blond hair in a braid.
He saw the massive scarring that could come from no other than the Dark One, probably when he turned her.
I mean, if she was going to try, she should have come back before the six months was up... right?
But he didn't wake, and each day that passed made it less likely that he would come out of the coma.
Had he come over that stormy night while Alex was away with the intent of making Alex believe they were having an affair?
They had been through better and worse and each time they had come out on the other side with a stronger relationship.
The past few months, I've come close to breaking it hundreds of times to keep the underworld from shutting down.
She pressed herself against the warm, humming swamp cooler and turned a corner, only to come face to face with Gabriel again.
Half-drunk by the time Rhyn explained things to her the day before, she'd come away from that conversation more baffled than she'd been when she fell out of the sky onto the beach.
He found some of his wired energy dissipating at the long walk and change of scenery despite knowing nothing good had ever come from a meeting with Sasha.
He led her back the way she'd come and to a small house with a couple dozen fluffy sheep in a pen in back.
A touch of coldness made the hair on the back of her neck rise, and she sat up, fearful Kris or Sasha had come for her.
He wasn't sure what he felt toward the woman, but he didn't want her to come to harm, and he didn't want her out of his sight.
Even when she knew she was dreaming, she couldn.t wake herself up or shake the fear that this time, Rhyn wasn.t going to come.
He.d come to keep an eye on her and, allegedly, to help his brothers on the Council, though not even he believed he had a decent bone in his body.
He had come to Darkyn in desperation, after Sasha had invited him to his bed and then dumped him off with the demons.
The guy I spoke to said he beat the ever-living shit out of them all at once, until they agreed to come back and do what Kris says.
A pyre had been built in the middle of the cobblestone courtyard to burn the bodies of the demons before nightfall, when they.d come back alive.
I've come to offer you the chance to escape, so long as you take me to a … to a spaceship.
She looked at him curiously, and he rolled his shoulders back, prepping himself physically for the verbal discussion to come.
To date, nothing Evelyn had done was for anyone else's benefit but Evelyn's, a realization she'd come to when she'd stopped crying a few days ago.
But, I thought, if you would come out and talk to him, see if you can dissuade him, it might help.
If you keep buying 'opportunities' like Mr. Stanislaw's Salvation Army box, you'll be too broke to answer the door if a real opportunity does come knocking.
He called the local sheriff in Ouray and said he plans to come out and haul his 'mentally stressed wife' back East with him.
All my dreams and longings have come to fruition in a single instant when dearest Joshua held me close and my world was sunshine.
I think aught will come of their rantings as the miners swear they'll flee the area for a more obliging locale if such nonsense were to happen.
So many have come to my bed, but never have I been so unnerved by a nocturnal visitor than when first dear Joshua visited me in the darkest part of the night.
These last days I've begun to understand this and come to the dreaded decision of what is to become of me.
