
He was apparently overtaken by poverty, but was generously treated by Vespasian, who made him a present of o, sesterces.
By ' properly ' I mean generously seasoned with Parmesan and a little nutmeg, and made with a slowly cooked white sauce.
A generously proportioned lounge with upvc double-glazed doors opening out on to the well deck comprises the remaining living space.
Also, when the two cats are brought into the same environment, try to encourage playful activities and generously dole out the kitty treats so that your cats will associate "togetherness" with positive feelings.
Another option is to generously space a smaller number of layers with longer columns or specialized wedding cake stands designed for greater height.
She has proven all of her critics wrong, and gives generously to Jewish charities and causes in memory of her late father.
The s in particular work well for plus-sized women because the ideal figure of the decade was generously proportioned in the bust and hips.
These garments are more generously cut through the waist and hips to give a comfortable fit and enhance curves without looking boxy or blousy.
For someone with a bad ankle, tho, a stick can be extremely handy, and Julian very generously let me borrow it.
This was destroyed by fire in  B.C., and the contract for rebuilding was undertaken by the exiled Alcmaeonidae from Athens, who generously substituted marble on the eastern front for the poros specified (see Cleisthenes, ad init.).
It differed only from the three Russian instruments in having a mounting by the Cookes in which the declination circle reads from the eye-end. This instrument was afterwards most generously lent by Lord Lindsay to Gill for his expedition to Ascension in . These four Repsold heliometers proved to be excellent instruments,  For a detailed description of this instrument see Dunecht Publications, vol.
The paper was the work of Richard Hall and scannable copies of the Proceedings were generously made available by John Schuessler.
In addition many people and local authorities throughout Kent subscribed generously to the CKA Appeal and their support was particularly beneficial.
Since it is cut so generously, it leaves plenty of wiggle room and doesn't constrict or fit snugly to the body in any way.
If the child is outside on a sunny day, generously apply sunscreen and lip balm that contains sun block before prolonged exposure to the sun.
While they do provide benefits such as making the task easier and less damaging to skin, people with extremely sensitive skin may not be able to tolerate the chemicals that cause cream to foam so generously.
Don't be afraid to take your cue from these looks; try a wacky, messy updo that doubles as a stylish, unkempt bun, or give short hair plenty of volume by teasing it generously.
The show features  hair stylists competing for the $, prize generously provided by Nexxus and the chance to be the main hairstylist for a photo spread in Allure magazine.
Half of the image is a wide shot of a model, while the other half displays a generously sized calendar.
If you're going to wear a Brazilian, be sure to purchase sunscreen with the highest SPF available, and apply it generously and often to avoid serious burns.
Of course, not everyone is as generously proportioned as Kim Kardashian, but good health always looks sexy, especially to people who know how to appreciate it!
Of course Phelps is a master of discipline and ability, but he generously cites Speedo's assistance and quality swimwear as part of what has helped propel him to new heights in the swimming world.
It features the same flat-braided, non-slip drawstring as the Jammer, and it is cut generously in the side seams, which allows the wearer unrestricted leg movement.
You'll find a great selection of stylish leather gloves in shades like black, chocolate, camel and red, all generously lined and stylishly designed, to boot.
As they settled in a rustic inn located in Vermont and learned of the owner's financial struggles, the group generously decided to put on a musical show with hopes to financially help him during the joyous holiday season.
It features smart organizers, such as men's grooming and travel cases, and generously sized garment carriers to make life on the road just a little bit easier.
The good news is that Born is widely available in a range of price points, and many styles are regularly offered for generously discounted prices.
Despite making the news from time to time for statements that he just couldn't hold back, he is well known today for giving generously to charity.
A nutrition guide facilitated by a nutritionist or fitness guru either charging for the information or generously donating their time and expertise.
Whether a woman is plus size or just generously endowed, she needs a sports bra that is going to allow her full mobility while offering support.
When we think of truly classic cotton nightgowns, the generously cut flowing white gown comes to mind, often with long, wide sleeves that fasten at the wrists and with a fairly high neck.
Once again, this style features quarter-length sleeves, but this look is cut quite generously to ensure comfort and even has reinforced shoulders, so durability shouldn't be an issue.
He expects a lot from his assistants, but appears to reward them generously with promotions as well as giving them a truly exciting lifestyle to enjoy.
Heeding the call of frustrated alarm setters everywhere, this clock generously provides the option to ease into reverse if you overshoot the correct hour or minute.
Noonan generously agreed to spend some time answering a few questions about Big Brother and what she's been doing since then.
The other was William Patten, who states that both he and Cecil began to write independent accounts of the campaign, and that Cecil generously communicated his notes for Patten's narrative, which has been reprinted more than once.
On the th of May  a demand from both houses of parliament for her execution as well as Norfolk's was generously rejected by Elizabeth; but after the punishment of the traitorous pretender to her hand, on whom she had lavished many eloquent letters of affectionate protestation, !she fell into "a passion of sickness" which convinced her honest keeper of her genuine grief for the ducal caitiff.
Taking it as a whole, the company's territory is much less generously watered than are other parts of Borneo, which again compares unfavourably in this respect with the Malayan states of the peninsula.
Later editions of Melanchthon's Loci Communes, generously protected by Luther, drop out or tone down Luther's favourite doctrine of predestination.
It is useless to suppose that this destructive criticism from within can be neutralized by generously sprinkling the pages of the classical writers with interpretation clauses.
Directly it does not seem that she was; but she had generously strained the privileges of the embassy to protect some threatened friends, and this was a serious matter.
All these matters were carefully looked into by Frederick himself, who, while acting as generously as his circumstances would allow, insisted on everything being done in the most efficient manner at the least possible cost.
All schools are generously supported, salaries are unusually good, and pension funds in all cities are authorized by state laws.
Although the court was displeased with the religious principles and conduct of Ambrose, it respected his great political talents; and when necessity required, his aid was solicited and generously granted.
Pierpont Morgan, who generously returned it to the Italian government, and it was then placed for greater safety in the Galleria Corsini at Rome.
This was generously recognized by the emperor in a letter publicly addressed to the chancellor on the st of May , immediately after the passage of the Finance Bill.
On the other hand, water should be given generously in hot weather, also when absorbent stone is used or when the concrete is not rammed.
The city is generously provided with all the modern public services, including two street car lines, local and long distance telephone lines, electric power and light, and waterworks.
I repeated the promise I'd made Merrill Cooms when he funded us so generously; "Do as much good for as many people for as long as you can."
