
In one case, the technology, writing, probably resulted in our memories getting worse, but we gained much more than we lost.
The point of this gold indicator bends over the edge of the case, round which are set eleven raised points--the stem forms the twelfth.
Howie remained obsessed that he'd failed to nail the culprit and when he heard of this later case, he begged Quinn to take enough time away from his wife and new daughter for a single session.
The part of the room behind the columns, with a high silk-curtained mahogany bedstead on one side and on the other an immense case containing icons, was brightly illuminated with red light like a Russian church during evening service.
A practitioner took a scab from someone with a mild case, made an incision in the skin of a healthy person, and infected that person with the scab.
This would be the case in a besieged city or a nation using the food supply to keep its citizenry in check.
I define war as armed conflict occurring between nation-states or, in the case of civil wars, between factions within nation-states.
I told her that the book wasn't afraid, and must sleep in its case, and that "girl" mustn't read in bed.
The forest has never so good a setting, nor is so distinctly beautiful, as when seen from the middle of a small lake amid hills which rise from the water's edge; for the water in which it is reflected not only makes the best foreground in such a case, but, with its winding shore, the most natural and agreeable boundary to it.
This case was a twelve year old girl, shot in cold blood as she sat alone at the poolside of her California home.
Usually we rely on Betsy's sole decision as a method of choosing a case but the wide spread interest in this kidnapping caused her to share it with all of us.
While Martha and Betsy, buoyed by our recent success, were eager to tackle the case, Quinn, not surprisingly, and yours truly to a lesser extent, were hesitant.
Much the case with Howie and Julie, I felt the personal lives of our group deserved their own space to address their own problems.
When we first accepted Mr. Cooms' generous funding, we established this secure connection in case he ever had a need to contact us.
I figured these abductions mirror some old case, and then there's a time break of a few years, like he was away.
Ronnie doesn't know any of those people and he keeps saying I should step up to the plate, like it's the least I could do 'cause he already tolerates me like a bad case of hemorrhoids.
They closed the case when a guy named Willard Humphries they were sure did it was sent away for another crime.
I pushed the door slowly and found a case of water bottles, bread, peanut butter, crackers, cheese and several sealed containers of fruits and puddings.
This man's look was considering, as if he were trying to memorize her features in case he needed the information in the future.
Since he was the one she wanted to learn to outsmart, in case things broke bad, she doubted he'd teach her anything.
It was only a week past the longest day of the year and still light outside but Dean joined her, in case she changed her mind and needed him.
If that were the case, Dean wondered, why had Joseph also rented a Jeep and parked out of sight behind Bird Song?
How much time do you suppose we're spending on a case where as far as we can tell no one is in harm's way whatsoever?
While she'd most likely be out on the job, he'd case the place, now that his detective hat was fitting so well.
I don't see how telling us what the case is about, who the litigants are and who's the attorney compromises anything.
Much as I'd like to, I won't ask her if her mother's maiden name was Plotke, nor will I tell her daddy's bones may be taking a motor home trip up the west coast—or that his pinkie is in your jewel case.
He glanced back at Fred, who had again closed his eyes and was prattling on about the best ways to "case" the storage facility.
Either one of them might have stolen the bony digit from Cynthia's jewelry case and fired a gun at the Lucky Pup Mine.
Neither a hero nor a Good Samaritan, Wynn found himself retreating to the far wall, in case the worst-case scenario happened, and one of the powerful creatures decided to act.
In any case, Lori deserved to have something – and probably would have if she had contested the will instead of running away.
Most of the time they did, but in the case of Lori, each time Carmen asked him about it, he simply said they would discuss it later.
At first she though exhaustion might be the cause, but when he started working longer hours, it was obvious that wasn't the case.
There are no locks on the doors or windows, and only one route of egress in the case of an emergency.
Logan was an accountant, not a security guard, yet he barricaded the doors with furniture before bed in case there were criminals wandering the beach.
In any case, it looks like Ully needs to go back to the drawing board, and we use Rhyn for now to take out Sasha's henchmen.
She visited the small café and dropped three boxed lunches into a tote bag along with extra cocoa and marshmallows in case Toby woke up soon.
She found herself ascending the servants. stairwell at a run, in case the Ully-demon was still stalking her, until she reached her floor, which appeared blessedly free of any signs of battle and death.
Hauling her to the bed, he shook out a pillow from its case and draped the case over her head like a hood.
She feared leaving the injured woman, in case Jade lurked on the other side of the hill or there were animals that might drag her away.
They don't have a strong case, but if I'm the only one they're looking at, someone's going to get away with murder.
She won't answer, but just in case the law's got a tap on the line it'll keep 'em off base.
It was never clear if that was the case and the kid lucked out, but Dean used the excuse of mock consternation to excuse himself and walk uptown to telephone Cynthia.
He wanted to stay home in case the human got out of line, yet Sarah had insisted he leave for the night.
He wanted to listen in when she talked to Skippy in case he got out of line, so hurried downstairs.
I know I can't do anything to plead your case, but what if Samantha spoke to them and told them what happened here.
I can remember more than one time with a case of flu in the dead of winter - running back and forth to the outhouse.
In any case, my husband, Mike—who was voted to be the liaison with the soldiers—isn't likely to let it happen.
I didn't expect him to get so far, and he may not pass at all.  In any case, I have a much larger problem.  I interfered when I shouldn't have, she said.
Gods, but he could smell her sweet scent!  Her large eyes seemed to see right through him.  He feared reaching out, in case she slid through his fingers like smoke.  He'd lost her in life; he wasn't going to risk losing her in his dreams.  He could imagine closing the distance between them, sweeping her up into his arms, and making love to her on the beach.
Rhyn crossed his arms, irritated.  Kiki trotted from the patio into the house perched on a hill overlooking Tokyo.  He returned ten minutes later with a small briefcase, a jacket and a hard case for his iPad.  Rhyn opened the portal, and the two strode through it, back to the massive tree where Rhyn had lost Toby in the cold, wet French Alps.
Maybe.  In any case, whatever you felt for Jade, you have to figure out how to get over it.  You have your mate.  I've been waiting for mine for a lifetime.
She reached the place where the food cubes had landed, bending to pick them up in case she needed them later.
He'd paid in advance for two assignations after he began to suspect there was a traitor in his organization.  The second had been for Katie, in case she couldn't be reasoned with.
The first word on the case Sackler and DeLeo were arguing about had come by way of a call from the Norfolk, Virginia Police Department the prior afternoon, Dean's day off.
I don't know anything about the case, but I know it would take a room full of CPA's to figure out how many cups of coffee you guys owe each other.
Dean usually devoted the solitary time behind the wheel to sorting out details of a case, putting little facts in their slots like letters in a country post office.
Dean passed out his business card to Mayer and a few of the other workers in case anything important came to mind.
Their case was weak, but they had a strong feeling they had the right man and with a little work could put it together.
By the time he left the office for the ten-minute walk across the square to the courthouse, he felt com­fortable with the progress of the case.
While the case might be officially closed, Dean felt an obliga­tion to Randy Byrne, as well as his own curiosity, to follow up the March fourth Whitney Motel incident.
I'm not even sure you've got the stuff to get in the ball game—and if that's the case, you're already a dead man.
Like everyone else, he'd hoped Parkside was out of the case and was disappointed to learn the FBI was expecting Parkside's con­tinued assistance in the investigation.
After a quick supper of pastrami and fruit at Uncle Sally's Galley, Dean pedaled  hard miles, working up a good sweat and a painful case of shin splints.
Dean wished he'd brought the picture of Jeffrey Byrne that World Wide had recently sent but it remained in the case file at the office.
He and Burgess learned they'd both biked in the same -mile fund raiser two years earlier, before Dean caught a case of the lazies.
He filled Fred in on his conversation with Cece Baldwin and tried to dismiss the entire case as a waste of time.
We thought we could lock the file drawer on this case when a body washed up, but no such luck.
By Wednesday afternoon the matter was set­tled and the disposition of the case was in the hands of Bobby Witherspoon, the assistant DA, and the juvenile court system.
Tom DeLeo continued doing legwork on the Wassermann case, a curious jurisdictional mess with the Federal boys in charge but legions of local flat feet in scattered municipalities doing their grunt work.
The FBI had put out a statement they were handling the Wasserman case and pur­suing strong leads out of state.
Winston would have my job if I blew his mob case on unfounded specula­tion and if I went public in any way, the news is sure to get out.
The annoying little details of the Byrne case were still squirm­ing around in the morning, and in an effort to put one of them to bed Dean stopped by the Parkside Sentinel on his way to work.
With all other thoughts lulled from his mind by the steady cadence of the wheels, he moved step by step through every facet of the Byrne case.
How about I come down there just before seven so's they can follow me in case they don't know where it is.
Dean began to wonder if he was laying his pension on the line by not reporting the entire case in an official manner.
We thought we'd be cute and not announce it, just in case some interesting candidates showed up here to finish their handi­work.
It seemed more of the inves­tigation time of this case had taken place in motel rooms than any­where else.
I didn't sic Nota on anyone—that came from Vinnie Baratto by way of Arthur Atherton and it didn't have a damned thing to do with the Byrne case.
If you agree to let me fasten your other arm and drop this pillow case over your head so you can't see, I'll let you chat with our friend, but that's the only way.
Had anyone else been that close, she would have felt her space was being invaded, but in this case the smell of his cologne and his close proximity increased her pulse.
Kind of, except that in this case, God told you not to open them in the first place – and he saw you do it anyway.
Maybe it was because he took his time, or because there were so many opportunities that were passed over – whatever the case, it wasn't as unpleasant as she had imagined.
I wanted to give it to you, in case I … Jenn's throat grew tight as she looked at her little girl.
In any case, the house rental was her business and she needed to gain the confidence of running it without his direction.
At least there would be another person with you in case something happened – and she seems the capable type otherwise.
An iPad in a bright green case and a cell phone labeled work phone!!!!! was sitting on the table in the informal dining area, a sticky note on it.
If he threw out every woman he slept with, she'd have to save this option for a last resort, in case he fired her the morning after.
Jessi arrived fifteen minutes early the next day, in case Xander or Ingrid called in a substitute after she quit.
The native idea, which may be true, is that the shorter period occurs in the case of female and the longer in that of male calves.
The same is true in the case of a liquid such as water; it can be divided into drops and these again into smaller drops, or into the finest spray the particles of which are too small to be detected by our unaided vision.
It contains a closed vesicle regarded by Schepotieff as a right probosciscavity and in any case representing the pericardium of Balangolossus, the glomerulus of which is also probably represented.
The cobaltous salts are formed when the metal, cobaltous oxide, hydroxide or carbonate, are dissolved in acids, or, in the case of the insoluble salts, by precipitation.
Verres vainly tried to get the trial postponed till  when his friend Metellus would be the presiding judge, but in August Cicero opened the case.
Much more was this the case when, in the summer, the dangers from the Croats, Serbs and the reaction at Vienna increased.
In  Georg Stahl admitted that fermentation and putrefaction were analogous processes, but that the former was a particular case of the latter.
Hansen pointed out that this was by no means the case, for it is more difficult to separate the cells from each other in the gelatin than in the liquid.
Only in her case religion must be taken in an even more restricted sense than Matthew Arnold's " morality touched by emotion."
Her nights were spent in writing, which seemed in her case a relaxation from the real business of the day, playing with her grandchildren, gardening, conversing with her visitors - it might be Balzac or Dumas, or Octave Feuillet or Matthew Arnold - or writing long letters to Sainte-Beuve and Flaubert.
In order to render an 'account of Tyndall's "residual blue" it is necessary to pursue the approximation further, taking for simplicity the case of spherical shape.
So again, in the case of the Paris curves, the absolute value of the diurnal range in summer was much greater for the Eiffel Tower than for the Bureau Central, but the mean voltage was  at the former station and only  at the latter.
It is also beneficial, especially in the case of partially exhausted beds, to water with a dilute solution of nitre.
Champignons are highly esteemed (and especially is this the case abroad) for adding a most delicious flavour to stews, soups and gravies.
If such is the case, there is reason to think that the composition of Gammer Gurton's Needle should be referred to the earlier period.
It is bounded on the north-west by Ohio, from which it is separated by the Ohio river, on the north by Pennsylvania and Maryland, the Potomac river dividing it from the latter state; on the east and south-east by Pennsylvania, Maryland and Virginia, the boundary lines in the first two cases being meridians, in the last case a very irregular line following the crest of mountain ridges in places; and on the south-west by Virginia and Kentucky, the Big Sandy river separating it from the latter state.
In case of the death, resignation or other disability of the governor, the president of the Senate acts as governor, and in case of his incapability the Speaker of the House of Delegates; and these two failing, the legislature on joint ballot elects an acting governor.
He may veto a bill, or in case of an appropriation bill, the separate items, but this veto may be overridden by a simple majority of the total membership of each house.
Dioc.," admitted in   , he was not a scholar of Winchester, and in any case was not a scholar of New College.
The slaying of the Minotaur by Theseus in that case indicates the abolition of such sacrifice by the advance of Greek civilization.
When the law speaks universally, and something happens which is not according to the common course of events, it is right that the law should be modified in its application to that particular case, as the lawgiver himself would have done, if the case had been present to his mind.
For a long time it was thought that precedents could have no place in equity, inasmuch as it professed in each case to do that which was just; and we find this view maintained by common lawyers after it had been abandoned by the professors of equity themselves.
In the Armenian and Coptic rites the vestment is often elaborately embroidered; in the other rites the only ornament is a cross high in the middle of the back, save in the case of bishops of the Orthodox Church, whose sticharia are ornamented with two vertical red stripes (rorayof, " rivers").
The pressing demands of the military chest had to be satisfied by loans, and in at least one case from the private purse of the governor-general.
In his case the ancestral hoards were under the control of his mother, the begum of Oudh, into whose hands they had been allowed to pass at the time when Hastings was powerless in council.
The angle through which the arm was moved, or, in the latter case, the angle between the two arms, was read off upon a finely graduated arc. With such means no very high accuracy was possible.
In the measuring machines in general use the field of view, as in the case of the glass-scale micrometer, is sufficiently large to include the image of the  mm.
In the case of the original Repsold plan without clockwork the description is not quite exact, because both the process of following the object and correcting the aim are simultaneously performed; whilst, if the clockwork runs uniformly and the friction-disk is set to the proper distance from the apex of the cone, the star will appear almost perfectly at rest, and the observer has only to apply delicate corrections by differential gear - a condition which is exactly analogous to that of training a modern gun-sight upon a fixed object.
Native capital is lacking, and taxation on unremunerative lands is, as elsewhere in Italy, too heavy in proportion to what they may be expected to produce, and not sufficiently elastic in case of a bad harvest.
The three Cipxovms who appear in the loth-century inscriptions just mentioned bear alternately the names Torcotorius and Salusius; and, inasmuch as this is the case with the judices of Cagliari from the th to the th century, there seems no doubt that they were the successors of these Byzantine ripXovrfs, who were perhaps the actual founders of the dynasty.
His throne and life had not been saved for him by the British, as was the case with his father.
In this crisis Pericles persuaded the wavering assembly that compromise was useless, because Sparta was resolved to precipitate a war in any case.
Strutt (Sports and Pastimes) suggests that the first player's bowl may have been regarded by the second player as a species of jack; but in that case it is not clear what was the first player's target.
In no case must the stationary bowls be touched, or the semicircle crossed by the trailed jack or played bowls.
The mud brought down by it, calculated at  lb an hour at Bagdad, is not deposited in marshes to form alluvium, as in the case of the Euphrates, but although in flood time the river becomes at places an inland sea, rendering navigation extremely difficult and uncertain, the bulk of the mud is deposited in banks, shoals and islands in the bed of the river, and is finally carried out into the Persian Gulf.
Each then took a part, a family connexion was established, and the broken die served as a symbol of recognition; thus the members of each family found in the other hosts and protectors in case of need.
The armature consists of a bony case, partly composed of solid buckler-like plates, and partly of movable transverse bands, the latter differing in number with the species, and giving to the body a considerable degree of flexibility.
Probably his judgment of the situation was correct; yet, in view of Sennacherib's failure at Jerusalem in  and of the admitted strength of the city, the hope of the Jewish nobles could not be considered wholly unfounded, and in any case their patriotism (like that of the national party in the Roman siege) was not unworthy of admiration.
It may be assumed that the social corruption in Jerusalem was such as is usually found in wealthy communities, made bolder in this case, perhaps, by the political unrest and the weakness of the royal government under Zedekiah.
Probably he believed in the existence of other gods, though he does not express himself clearly on this point; in any case he held that the worship of other deities was destructive to Israel.
A single case of homicide often leads to a series of similar crimes or to protracted warfare between neighbouring families and communities; the murderer, as a rule, takes refuge in the mountains from the avenger of blood, or remains for years shut up in his house.
The costume of the Tosks differs from that of the Ghegs; its distinctive feature is the white plaited linen fustanella or petticoat, which has been adopted by the Greeks; the Ghegs wear trews of white or crimson native cloth adorned with black braid, and a short, close-fitting jacket, which in the case of wealthy persons is embellished with gold lace.
Instruction in the Albanian language is prohibited by the Turkish government for political reasons; a single exception has been made in the case of an American school for girls at Kortcha.
The Lingayats number ,, or % of the Hindu population; they worship the symbol of Siva, and males and females both carry this emblem about their person in a silver case.
The proposed order of subjects was entirely altered in view of the Colenso case, for which urgency was claimed; and most of the time was spent in discussing it.
In the case of factories the exhaust steam from the engines used for driving the working machinery is made use of and forms the most economical method of heating possible.
This adopting act allowed scruples as to "articles not essential and necessary in doctrine, worship or government" - the presbytery being judge in the case and not the subscriber.
Farther south, in Patagonia, the prevailing wind is westerly, in which case the Andes again " blanket " an extensive region and deprive it of rain, turning it into an arid desolate steppe.
Mention may also be made of the Tribunal des Conflits, a special court whose function it is to decide which is the competent tribunal when an administration and a judicial court both claim or refuse to deal with a given case.
He may either dismiss the case at once by an order of non-lieu, or order it to be tried, when the prosecution is undertaken.
If the demand for rehearing is refused such refusal is final; but if it is granted the case is then heard by the civil chamber, and after argument cessation (annulment) is granted or refused.
The Court of Cassation does not give the ultimate decision on a case; it pronounces, not on the question of fact, but on the legal principle at issue, or the competence of the court giving the original decision.
The reserves of the active army and the Territorial Army and its reserve can only be recalled to active service in case of emergency and by decree of the head of the state.
He became by a singular arrangement, only repeated in the case of Lord Ellenborough, a member of the cabinet, and remained in that position through various changes of administration for nearly fifteen years, and, although he persistently refused the chancellorship, he acted as Speaker of the House of Lords while the Great Seal was in commission.
The one case in which jurisdiction has been given to it by statute is to enforce forfeitures under the statute of .
In the case of the great grey kangaroo, for instance, the period of gestation is less than forty days, and the newly-born embryo, which is blind, naked, and unable to use its bud-like limbs, is little more than an inch in length.
Finally, there is the hypothesis that marsupials are the descendants of placentals, in which case, as was suggested by its discoverer, the placenta of the bandicoots would be a true vestigial structure.
This appears actually to be the case in the period of the First Dynasty of Babylon and also in the th century in Assyria, where early Babylonian customs were kept up conservatively.
This is especially the case with the tributaries of the Darling on its left bank, where in seasons of great rains these rivers overspread their banks and flood the flat country for miles around and thus reach the main stream.
Naval defence in any case remained primarily a question for the Imperial navy, and by agreement (, for ten years) between the British government and the governments of the Commonwealth (contributing an annual subsidy of £,) and of New Zealand (£,), an efficient fleet patrolled the Australasian waters, Sydney, its headquarters, being ranked as a first-class naval station.
In Queensland the fields were all showing development in , when the output exhibited a very large increase compared with that of former years; but, as in the case of Victoria, the production of the metal seems to have ceased.
In old age they appear much ground down; particularly is this the case with women, who chew the different kinds of fibres, of which they make nets and bags.
In every case of death from disease or unknown causes sorcery was suspected and an inquest held, at which the corpse was asked by each relative in succession the name of the murderer.
It required the chastening of adversity to teach it a salutary lesson, and a few years after, when the first effects of the crisis had passed away, business was on a much sounder footing than had been the case for very many years.
The events of these three years taught the Labour leaders that a parliamentary party was of little practical influence unless it was able to cast on all important occasions a solid vote, and to meet the case a new method was devised.
Smith, at the request of a member of the commission by which the prize was proposed, undertook in  to write out the demonstration of his general theorems so far as was required to prove the results for the special case of five squares.
Many of the propositions contained in his dissertation are general; but the demonstrations are not supplied for the case of seven squares.
Filled with blood, it was natural to regard it as the seat of the blood, and as a matter of fact one-sixth of the entire blood of man is in the liver, while in the case of some animals the proportion is even larger.
We are justified in concluding, therefore, that among the Greeks and Romans likewise the examination of the liver was the basis of divination in the case of the sacrificial animal.
It is well known that the Romans borrowed their methods of hepatoscopy from the Etruscans, and, apart from the direct evidence for this in Latin writings, we have, in the case of the bronze model of a liver found near Piacenza in , and of Etruscan origin, the unmistakable proof that among the Etruscans the examination of the liver was the basis of animal divination.
The chief complaint which Europeans make concerning it is the extreme humidity, which causes the heat to be more oppressive than is the case where the air is dry.
The enforcement of the first Book of Common Prayer had also been part of his official duties; and the fact that Bonner made no such protest against the burning of heretics as he had done in the former case shows that he found it the more congenial duty.
The British minister demanded from the national government M`Leod's release, but his case was in the New York courts, over which the national government has no jurisdiction.
Cromwell, who was as a rule especially scrupulous in protecting non-combatants from violence, justified his severity in this case by the cruelties perpetrated by the Irish in the rebellion of , and as being necessary on military and political grounds in that it "would tend to prevent the effusion of blood for the future, which were the satisfactory grounds of such actions which otherwise cannot but work remorse and regret."
In practice Anglican private worship appears to have been little interfered with; and although the recusant fines were rigorously exacted, the same seems to have been the case with the private celebration of the mass.
At one time, as in the case of Blechingdon, they would perform strange exploits worthy of the most daring hussars; at another their speed and tenacity paralyses armies.
Ben Jonson produced a skilful amalgamation of the Aulularia and the Captivi in his early play The Case is Altered (written before ).
Now, we know that the number of electrochemical equivalents electrolysed is proportional to the whole amount of electricity which passed through the circuit, and the product of this by the electromotive force of the battery is the work done by the latter, so that in this case also Joule showed that the heat generated was proportional to the work done.
Thus the principle of Carnot involves the conclusion that a greater proportion of the heat possessed by a body at a high temperature can be converted into work than in the case of an equal quantity of heat possessed by a body at a low temperature, so that the availability of heat increases with the temperature.
A subject so vast and so incapable of classification cannot be discussed here, but its aesthetic principles may be illustrated by the extreme case of the trumpets and horns, which in classical times had no scale except that of the natural harmonic series.
The beginning of Mendelssohn's F minor quartet is, again, a case usually, but perhaps wrongly, condemned for its orchestral appearance on paper.
A frequent combination was flute, violin and harpsichord (very probably with a violoncello doubling the bass), and in more than one case the violin was partly tuned lower to soften its tone.
Although several species belonging to the second class occasionally enter the bodies of water snails and other animals before reaching their definitive host, they undergo no alteration of form in this intermediate host; the case is different, however, in Filaria medinensis and other forms, in which a free larval is followed by a parasitic existence in two distinct hosts, all the changes being accompanied by a metamorphosis.
A good example of a fairly typical case is afforded by Heterodera schachtii, which attacks beetroot and causes great loss to the Continental sugar manufacturers.
Where, however, there are a number of cranes all belonging to the same installation, and these are placed so as to be conveniently worked from a central power station, and where the work is rapid, heavy and continuous, as is the case at large ports, docks and railway or other warehouses, experience has shown that it is best to produce the power in a generating station and distribute it to the cranes.
Sometimes, especially in the case of overhead travelling cranes for very heavy loads, the chain is a special pitch chain, formed of flat links pinned together, and the barrel is reduced to a wheel provided with teeth, or " sprockets," which engage in the links.
In this case the chain is not coiled, but simply passes over the lifting wheel, the free end hanging loose.
In the second, or " braking off " method, the brake is automatically applied by a spring or weight, and is released either mechanically or, in the case of electric cranes, by the pull of a solenoid or magnet which is energized by the current passing through the motor.
In the latter case the overturning tendency begins as soon as the load leaves the ground, but ceases as soon as the load again touches the ground and thus relieves the crane of the extra weight, whereas overturning backwards is caused either by the reaction of a chain breaking or by excessive counterweight.
It is now possible to apply motive power exactly where it is wanted, and to do so economically, so that the crane designer has a perfectly free hand in adding the various motions required by the special circumstances of each case.
Sale was the delivery of the purchase (in the case of real estate symbolized by a staff, a key, or deed of conveyance) in return for the purchase money, receipts being given for both.
Hence the Code allowed a proviso to be inserted in the marriage contract, that the wife should not be seized for her husband's pre-nuptial debts; but enacted that then he was not responsible for her pre-nuptial debts, and, in any case, that both together were responsible for all debts contracted after marriage..
A man might make his wife a settlement by deed of gift, which gave her a life interest in part of his property, and he might reserve to her the right to bequeath it to a favourite child, but she could in no case leave it to her family.
These children were free, in any case, and their mother could not be sold, though she might be pledged, and she was free on her master's death.
If these were not at hand he might adjourn the case for their production, specifying a time up to six months.
Connexion is made into the office (or to the underground system, as is often the case) from the aerial wire by means of a copper conductor, insulated with gutta-percha, which passes through a " leading in " cup, whereby leakage is prevented between the wire and the pole.
A spare set of accumulators is provided for every group of instruments in case of the failure of the working set.
It is not possible to work double current from one set alone, as in this case, if one key of a group of instruments is up and another is down, the battery would be short-circuited and no current would flow to line.
It will be observed that the circuit is not in this case actually open; the meaning of the expression " open circuit " is " no battery to line."
Repeaters (or translators, as they are sometimes termed) are in Great Britain only used on fast-speed circuits; they are in no case found necessary on circuits worked by hand, or at " key speed " as it is called.
To each group is connected a set of apparatus; hence during a complete revolution of the arms a pair of instruments (at station A and station B) will be in communication four times, and the intervals during which any particular set of instruments at the two stations are not in connexion with each other become much smaller than in the case of fig.
In the case of the dash the ink-wheel is brought into contact with the paper by the first current as before and is pulled back by the reverse current after three times the interval.
The transmitted signals or electric impulses, which on a land line are sharply defined when received, become attenuated and prolonged in the case of a long cable, and are unable to actuate the.
Two receiving instruments, a siphon recorder and a mirror galvanometer, are shown; one only is absolutely necessary, but it is convenient Cable to have the galvanometer ready, so that in case of accident to the recorder it may be at once switched into circuit by the switch s.
These indications form the telegraph alphabet and are read in the same manner as in the case of the " single needle " instrument used on land.
In the case of inland telegraphs and of cable communication with the continent of Europe government control has entirely superseded private companies.
Thus, in the case of one station and one moving railway carriage, there is a circuit consisting partly of the earth, partly of the ordinary telegraph wires at the side of the track, and partly of the circuits of the telephone receiver at one place and the secondary of the induction coil at the other, two air gaps existing in this circuit.
The magnetic and electric forces are directed alternately in one direction and the other, and at distances which are called multiples of a wave length the force is in the same direction at the same time, but in the case of damped waves h.as not quite the same intensity.
In any case the antenna serves as one surface of a condenser, the other surface of which is the earth.
When this is the case, if discharges are made across the spark gap oscillations are excited in the closed circuit, and these induce other syntonic oscillations in the antenna circuit.
In the case of the inductive mode of exciting the oscillations an important quantity is the coefficient of coupling of the two oscillation circuits.
In this case a closed condenser circuit is formed with a battery of Leyden jars, an inductance coil and a spark gap, and oscillations are excited in it by discharges created across the spark gap by an induction coil or transformer.
In the case of transmitters constructed as above described, in which the effective agent in producing the electric waves radiated is the sudden discharge of a condenser, it should be noticed that what is really sent out is a train of damped or decadent electric waves.
In the case of the plain or directly excited antenna the oscillations are highly damped, and each train probably only consists at most of half a dozen oscillations.
The process of reflection in the case of a wave motion involves the condition that the wave-length shall be small compared with the dimensions of the mirror, and hence the attempt to reflect and converge electric waves loon ft.
Increase in the voltage acting upon a solid conductor increases the current through it, but in the case of the electric arc an increase in current is accompanied by a fall in the difference of potential of the carbons, within certain limits, and the arc has therefore been said to possess a negative resistance.'
When this is the case the amplitude of the potential difference of the surfaces of the tubular condenser becomes a maximum, and this is indicated by connecting a vacuum tube filled with neon to the surfaces of the condenser.
It is obvious that this apparatus might be used either as a transmitter or as a receiver, but that the effects must under ordinary circumstances be in either case extremely feeble.
The microphonic portion of the transmitter is contained in a thin cylindrical box or case of brass A, the inner curved surface of which is covered with an insulating layer of paper.
To the brass bottom of the case is attached 'a thin disk of polished hard carbon C, which is slightly less in diameter than the brass bottom, so that the carbon disk almost entirely covers this brass back, leaving only a slight annular space around its edge.
The front or cover of the case is a similar button of hard polished carbon D, also slightly smaller in diameter than the cylindrical wall of the box.
The space enclosed between the front and rear faces of the box is filled about three-quarters full of finely granulated hard carbon, which therefore lies in contact with the front and rear carbon disks of the apparatus, and also fills up the space lying between the lower edge of these disks and the curved surface of the case.
In these circumstances, when, as frequently will be the case, the person calling desires to be put in communication with a subscriber who belongs to another section, connexions must be established in the office between the two sections; this necessitates additional switchboard arrangements, and also increases the time required to put subscribers in communication with one another.
There are still many magneto exchanges in existence, but when new exchanges are erected only the very smallest are equipped for magneto working, that system having succumbed to the common battery one in the case of all equipments of moderate and large dimensions.
In this case the cables terminate upon the poles, the connexions between the cable wires and the open wires being made with rubber-covered leads.
Nor do the highest summits form a continuous ridge of great altitude for any considerable distance; they are rather a series of groups separated by tracts of very inferior elevation forming natural passes across the range, and broken in some places (as is the case in almost all limestone countries) by the waters from the upland valleys turning suddenly at right angles, and breaking through the mountain ranges which bound them.
Of these Ischia and Procida, close to the northern headland of the Bay of Naples, are of volcanic origin, as is the case also with the more distant group of the Ponza Islands.
In the former case a peasant family undertakes all the necessary work in return for payment in money or kind, which varies according to the crop; in the latter the money wages and the payment in kind are fixed beforehand.
The electric power required fcir the tramways and the illuminatiQn of Rome is entirely supplied by turbines situated at Tivoli, and this is the case elsewhere, and the harnessing of this waterpower is capable of very considerable extension.
Women are, as a rule, paid less than men, and though their wages have also increased, the rise has been slighter than in the case of men.
On the other hand, it is generally the case that even in the most unpromising inn the bedding is clean.
A law came into operation in February , according to which a weekly day of rest (with few exceptions)was established on Sunday in every case in which it was possible, and otherwise upon some other day of the week.
Owing to the comnaratively small amount of letters, it is found possible to have a travelling post office on all principal trains (while almost every train has a travelling sorter, for whom a compartment is reserved) without a late fee being exacted in either case.
In Italy there is no legal right in the poor to be supported by the parish or commune, nor any obligation on the commune to relieve the poorexcept in the case of forsaken children and the sick poor.
Besides its legislative functions, the senate is the highest court of justice in the case of political offences or the impeachment of ministers.
The case is frequent, too, in which a project is sanctioned by law, but is then not carried into execution, or only partly so, owing to the lack of funds.
The most important of the local dues is the gate tax, or dazio di consumo, which may be either a surtax upon commodities (such as alcoholic drinks or meat), having already paid customs duty at the frontier, in which case the local surtax may not exceed % of the frontier duty, or an exclusively communal duty limited to % on flour, bread and farinaceous products, and to % upon other commodities.
Milan and Piedmont were comparatively well governed; but repugnance to Austrian rule in the former case, and the contagion of French Jacobinical opinions in the latter, brought those populations into increasing hostility to the rulers.
In the case of Italy, as in that of Germany, he frankly regretted the constitution of powerful homogeneous states upon the borders of France.
