
And all he said--that it was necessary to await provisions, or that the men had no boots--was so simple, while what they proposed was so complicated and clever, that it was evident that he was old and stupid and that they, though not in power, were commanders of genius.
When a woman wants to know, she looks for some clever way to trick the man into disclosing the facts.
He knew that all the intellectual lights of Petersburg were gathered there and, like a child in a toyshop, did not know which way to look, afraid of missing any clever conversation that was to be heard.
The natives, who are Micronesian hybrids of finer physique than their kinsmen of the Pelew Islands, have a comparatively high mental standard, being careful agriculturists, and peculiarly clever boatbuilders and navigators.
His reputation was helped by several clever if somewhat wrong-headed publications, including a satirical pamphlet entitled The Theology and Philosophy of Cicero's Somnium Scipionis (), a defence of the Hutchinsonians in A Fair, Candid and Impartial State of the Case between Sir Isaac Newton and Mr Hutchinson (), and critiques upon William Law () and Benjamin Kennicott ().
Formerly in Anna Pavlovna's presence, Pierre had always felt that what he was saying was out of place, tactless and unsuitable, that remarks which seemed to him clever while they formed in his mind became foolish as soon as he uttered them, while on the contrary Hippolyte's stupidest remarks came out clever and apt.
The reforming party cordially welcomed and courted him, in the first place because he was reputed to be clever and very well read, and secondly because by liberating his serfs he had obtained the reputation of being a liberal.
Was this break in and shooting a coincidental event or might someone else have been as clever as I at tracking down this nefarious tipster?
In Helene's circle the war in general was regarded as a series of formal demonstrations which would very soon end in peace, and the view prevailed expressed by Bilibin--who now in Petersburg was quite at home in Helene's house, which every clever man was obliged to visit--that not by gunpowder but by those who invented it would matters be settled.
All that was done around her and to her at this time, all the attention devoted to her by so many clever men and expressed in such pleasant, refined ways, and the state of dove-like purity she was now in (she wore only white dresses and white ribbons all that time) gave her pleasure, but her pleasure did not cause her for a moment to forget her aim.
His second wife, Madame de Montesson, whom he married secretly in , was a clever woman and an authoress of some repute.
He was educated, like many of the Numidian chiefs, at Carthage, learnt Latin and Greek, and was an accomplished as well as a naturally clever man.
Rudolph was a clever and cultured man, greatly interested in chemistry, alchemy, astronomy and astrology; he was a patron of Tycho Brahe and Kepler, and was himself something of a scholar and an artist.
Just then his eye fell upon the lanterns and the can of kerosene oil which Zeb had brought from the car of his balloon, and he got a clever idea from those commonplace things.
In addition to being a good bishop, Marius was a clever goldsmith; he was present at the council of Macon in , and transferred the seat of his bishopric from Avenches to Lausanne.
But to say that he destroyed his army because he wished to, or because he was very stupid, would be as unjust as to say that he had brought his troops to Moscow because he wished to and because he was very clever and a genius.
She had been flirting with him and enjoying his clever side steps for the last few days, but she was tiring of the game.
Ed WELL RED Well done you clever boffins at YS, you've enticed yet another amazed disciple away from an Iron Curtain magazine.
Through clever marketing and even cleverer design, Guess became one of the fashion leaders of its time, and it still going strong today.
Jessica used her "dumb blonde" image to further her career and the clever marketing is often credited to her micromanaging father, Joe.
Barenaked Ladies lyrics are known for being funny and clever - they're one of the things that usually wins listeners over to the band.
Clever words about a situation that many Lady Gaga fans enjoy highlight a career for an artist that is bound to only get further.
His grandfather had obtained from Venice an " artist " who undertook " to build churches and palaces, to cast big bells and cannons, to fire off the said cannons and to make every sort of castings very cunningly "; and with the aid of that clever Venetian he had become the proud possessor of a " cannon-house," subsequently dignified with the name of " arsenal."
One genus of Thomisidae (Phognarachne), which inhabits the Oriental region, adopts the clever device of spinning on the surface of a leaf a sheet of web resembling the fluid portions of a splash of bird's dung, the more solid central portions being represented by the spider itself, which waits in the middle of the patch to seize the butterflies or other insects that habitually feed on birds' excrement and are attracted to the patch mistaking it for their natural food.
Partly by clever diplomacy, partly through the troubles caused by the Gaulish invasion and by the dissensions among the rival kings, Philetaerus contrived to keep on good terms with his neighbours on all sides (- B.C.).
In Migula's scheme the attempt is made to avoid some of these difficulties, but others are introduced by his otherwise clever devices for dealing with these puzzling little organisms.
The average number of cakes that can be made daily by one man is about , although  to  are sometimes turned out by clever workmen.
In  the parliamentary party made themselves masters of the island and castle, but shortly afterwards these were regained by the Royalists through a clever stratagem, and not recovered again by the forces of the parliament till .
Later in the same year Echegaray won a popular triumph with La Esposa del vengador, in which the good and bad qualities-the clever stagecraft and unbridled extravaganceof his later work are clearly noticeable.
Mr Upington, a clever Irish barrister, was the man he selected, and under him was formed in  what will always be known in Cape history as the " Warming-pan " ministry.
Beautiful, clever and proud, like her mother, but cruel and treacherous, her ambition was to raise the kingdom of Naples to the position of a great power; she soon came to exercise complete sway over her stupid and idle husband, and was the real ruler of the kingdom.
He plunged into a war with this clever and shifty prince, which lastedwith certain short breaks of truces aqd treatiestill his death.
But his most offensive act was to promote to the position of chief councillor of the crown, and disperser of the royal favors, a clever but vain and ostentatious Gascon knight, one Piers Gaveston, who had been the companion of his boyhood, and had been banished by Edward I.
He was not a monarch to rouse enthusiasm, while much was expected from his brilliant, clever and handsome son Henry VIII., whose magnificent presence and manly vigour recalled the early prime of Edward IV.
He was famous for his versatility, and besides being a distinguished lawyer, jurist and political leader, was "a mathematician, a chemist, a physicist, a mechanician, an inventor, a musician and a composer of music, a man of literary knowledge and practice, a writer of airy and dainty songs, a clever artist with pencil and brush and a humorist of unmistakeable power" (Tyler, Literary History of the American Revolution).
It is therefore a probable conjecture that Mrs Austen, a clever woman of the world, helped him from her knowledge.
The success of this insolently clever novel, the immediate introduction of its author to the great world, and the daring eccentricities of dress, demeanour, and opinion by which he fixed attention on himself there, have always been among the most favourite morsels of Disraeli's history.
Despite shooting the promo while pregnant, the German catwalk queen managed to hide her fledgling bump with clever use of a prop.
Because kids are so clever at hiding signs of drug or alcohol use, drug testing would help you catch a potential problem early.
Peg glass candle holders, also called candle cups, are clever little items that extend the use of taper candle holders.
These specially designed adventuring boots combine clever features with a practical look, making them the perfect boots for roaming the great outdoors.
Knight's clever ploy soon had him selling shoes, labeled "Blue Ribbon Sports", out of the back of his truck at sporting events.
Not an easy man to begin with, Adam and Victor struggles with each other are enhanced by the fact that Adam is every bit as determined and clever as his father.
As a satirist and observer he is simply the "Cooper who 's written six volumes to prove he's as good as a Lord" of Lowell's clever portrait; his enormous vanity and his irritability find vent in a sort of dull violence, which is exceedingly tiresome.
A, general feeling that King Alexander contemplated changing the situation by one of his bold and clever coups d'etat increased the political unrest.
Two of the finest works of this early period of the Servian literature of Ragusa are the poem Dervishiyada, written by the Ragusan nobleman Stepan Guchetich (-), rich in humour and satire, and the poem Yegyupka (" The Gipsy Woman "), written by Andreas Chubranovich (-), a goldsmith by profession and a very original and clever lyrical poet.
He went to school at Sturminster Newton, where he was considered the clever boy of the school; and when a solicitor named Dashwood applied to the master for a quick-witted boy to join him as pupil, Barnes was selected for the post.
Unlike their Papuan relatives, the islanders are unskilled in carving and pottery, but are clever farmers and fishermen, constructing ingenious fishing weirs.
They are clever cooks, and for their feasts preparations are sometimes made months in advance, and enormous waste results from them.
The unpopularity of Spain, patriotism, the greater predominance of national questions in public opinion, and weariness of both religious disputation and indecisive warfare, all these sentiments were expressed in the wise and clever pamphlet entitled the Satire Mlnippe.
The marshals, Concini and his wife Leonora Galigai, more influential with the queen and more exacting than ever, by dint of clever intrigues forced the ministers to retire one after another; and with the last of Henry IV.s greybeards vanished also all the pecuniary reserves left.
A very clever Scotch adventurer named John Law now offered his assistance in dealing with the enormous debt of more than three milliards, and in providing the treasury.
In Congress, though one of the youngest members, he at once sprang into prominence by his clever defence of Jackson during the consideration by the House of a bill remitting the fine imposed on Jackson for contempt of court in New Orleans.
The Madrid foreign office welcomed most readily a clever move of Prince Bismarcks to estrange Spain from France and to flatter the young king of Spain.
But once he married a clever princess called Shahrazad, who spent the marriage night in telling a story which in the morning reached a point so interesting that the king spared her, and asked next night for the sequel.
He was not only a politician but also a man of the world, a writer of considerable merit, a scholar well versed in social, economic and philosophical questions, a great debater, a clever lecturer, a member of all the Madrid academies and a patron of art and letters.
Therefore the clever combatant imposes his will on the enemy, but does not allow the enemy's will to be imposed on him.
Mother Nature prefers cross-pollination and has some clever tricks to promote this, like ripening the male and female germ cells at different times.
Two clever lobs beat the ' keeper but went over the crossbar and Hayward made two great saves from other efforts.
Young people have a tendency to be intolerant of difference and often mock their peers who are clever or hard working.
One clever little touch was to use the Arched Window Surround recently made for the new orangery at the Charlton House Hotel, Nr.
It's clever writing, bound together with genuine historical facts about an th century political polemicist, Junius, whose writings are documented.
Kids discover how smart they are as they solve over  rhyming picture riddles and master clever puzzles and games.
Fooling the police The London Greenwich Railroad,  He had a clever ruse for getting the copies out under their noses.
Now some clever so-and-so 's have figured out a way of opening pop-ups by using Flash, and bypassing Firefox's pop-up blocker.
Pixel Revolt is a little too polished, a little too clever and a little too soulless to make a real impact.
Were these the original colors of the photo or have you done some nice clever post processing coloring to make the image more striking?
He has a knack for making a simple, cute song more substantial by throwing in a clever, little twist or two.
Live, Scully entertain as much as they captivate, with their cocksure swagger, spitting out clever acurate lyrics that make you think.
But it was as a literary critic of unusually clever style and an original vein of wit, that he first became known to the public, with his volume of essays entitled Obiter Dicta ().
Supple and clever, he was well fitted for a diplomatic career, and carried out several missions in England (-) and Rome (-).
Lowe soon made his mark in the political world by his clever speeches, particularly on finance and education; and besides obtaining a large legal practice, he was one of the principal writers for the Atlas newspaper.
What he afterwards became has been made more vividly familiar by the clever silhouette prefixed to the Miscellaneous Works (Gibbon himself, at least, we know, did not regard it as a caricature), and by Sir Joshua Reynolds's portrait so often engraved.
The revival of Greek from the time of Chrysoloras onward, instead of begetting a Hellenistic spirit, transported the more serious-minded to the nebulous shores of NeoPlatonism, while the less devout became absorbed in scholarly or literary ambitions, translations, elegantly phrased letters, clever epigrams or indiscriminate invective.
From this moment begins a long-drawn-out series of tricks and subterfuges, undertaken with the view of deceiving Mark, whose suspicions, excited by sundry of his courtiers, from time to time get beyond his control, and are as often laid to rest by some clever ruse on the part of his nephew, or his wife, ably seconded by Brangaene.
This Agricola was a pupil of Bach, and a fine organist and clever writer on music, especially on operatic style, the problems of which were beginning to be raised by French writers and composers in preparation for the work of Gluck.
He possessed some oratorical ability and adopted a very theatrical style of elocution, "tuning his voice and balancing his hands"; and his addresses were a strange medley of solemnity and buffoonery, of clever wit and the wildest absurdity, of able and original disquisition and the worst artifices of the oratorical charlatan.
There are statues of D√Éºrer, Sachs, Melanchthon, the reputed founder of the grammar-school, the navigator Martin Behaim, and Peter Henlein, the inventor of the watch; and the streets are further embellished with several fountains, the most noteworthy of which are the Sch√É∂ne Brunnen, -, in the form of a large Gothic pyramid, adorned with statues of the seven electors, the "nine worthies," and Moses and the prophets; and the G√Énsem√Énnchen or goose-mannikin, a clever little bronze figure by Pankratz Labenwolf.
These sketches, which abounded in clever picturings of national and individual character, drawn with great satirical humour, were collected in , and published under the title of The Clockmaker, or Sayings and Doings of Samuel Slick of Slickville.
We were all - if you will allow me to include myself - on the road to distinction, all clever, all ambitious, and all with a perfect conceit of ourselves.
Of the former we cannot speak here (see Hittites), except so far as to remark the Abd-Ashirta and his son Aziru, though at first afraid of the Hatti, was afterwards clever enough to make a treaty with their king, and, with other external powers, to attack the districts which remained loyal to Egypt.
What would have seemed difficult or even impossible to another woman did not cause the least embarrassment to Countess Bezukhova, who evidently deserved her reputation of being a very clever woman.
All four tracks show a surprising maturity of song writing; catchy and clever punk rock 'n' roll and full of great riffs.
For many years a number of clever people on both sides of the Atlantic have scoffed at the idea of a special relationship.
The show was originally labeled a children 's program, but its silliness and clever skits also appealed to adult audiences.
He 's scarily clever and doing his phd on data archiving for the folk at CERN who build atom smashers....
Now some clever so-and-so 's have figured out a way of opening pop-ups by using Flash, and bypassing Firefox 's pop-up blocker.
Planting near to mature trees which naturally remove a great deal of moisture from soggy soil is a clever ecological solution for shade lovers.
The picture on the right is of Mr Wang 's son making tofu by grinding soy beans in a really clever stone mill.
There are none of the scribbles, distortions, and virtually unreadable grunge fonts that sometimes wish to pass as clever modern typography.
I had found moms who asked me for swaddling blankets or carriers that were clever and worked, so I began to design and create solutions.
A copy of The Night Before Cat-Mas, a clever re-telling of the Christmas classic that makes a great stocking stuffer for cat lovers of all ages.
While the drink isn't difficult to make, quality ingredients, a clever and interesting presentation, and a new twist on the classic will give it a little bit of extra "oomph".
Likewise, any personal information like your home address, family names, phone numbers, PIN codes and anything else that might serve to help a clever thief should stay at home.
If you need a compact home study, consider a hideaway office inside an armoire or convert a closet into a clever office space.
But, if you can't be by the beach all of the time, that doesn't mean you can't bring the beach to you through some clever home dÈcor choices.
Scan your child's letter to Santa and place a copy in your scrapbook for a clever journaling block that reflects his/her handwriting and personal interests.
Realizing that transport was going to be a challenge, they came up with a clever idea that involved attaching wood, oblong extensions to their snow boots.
From delicately screened verses of scripture to clever plays on words, there are dozens of Christian teen clothing options for today's teen to look unique and be proud of their faith.
Logo tees are one of Deliah's signature pieces, with cute pictures, licensed characters and images, and clever sayings, such as "Don't be trashy, recycle."
It is thought that peer pressure, a desire to rebel, and clever marketing all contribute to the decision to start smoking tobacco.
On the binding of each book you can write one word or phrase such as "Class of ", "History", "Yearbook", etc. This provides an excellent opportunity to be clever.
In , Culture Club, who had signed to Virgin in the UK and Epic in the USA, released their debut album, Kissing to be Clever.
During the show, he reportedly "broke down" and gave a rambling apology to the audience, talking about how he just wants to play the guitar and was trying to be "clever" with his racially charged comments.
Yup, it's probably about time Mayer stopped trying his hand at being clever, because he's more than a little bit bad at it.
Her dry wit, clever writing, and strong stage presence will ensure that she will be a popular celebrity for many years to come.
The website Celebheights.com is dedicated to uncovering the precise heights of celebrities, even those who may be attempting to ward off critics through the use of shoe-lifts and other clever tricks.
Party dresses for the typical afternoon party are different from evening party-wear, and there are all sorts of clever nuances that go into selecting the perfect party dress for your daughter.
Fashion that is considered alternative needs to exemplify the non-pop elements, so there is a clever reason why alternative fashion defies the popular fashion and can often border on grunge.
Ranging from extremely clever to random and arcane, the videos in this section are rife with pop-culture references that might baffle anyone born before .
In a recent commercial advertisement for Pepsi-Cola, a very clever Golden Retriever finds a way to get a tasty meal.
One clever decorating idea for providing light around or near a mirror is to attach a sconce to the mirror.
With so many cartoons and sayings being tacky or stupid, a clever hunter or friend of a hunter may want to try making their own funny T shirt.
That's the clever concept behind the company, which specializes in over  different types of pajamas that are available in sizes  to .
The era that best suits a full figured woman is the s, when generous curves were trendy and an hourglass shape was created with padding and girdles and clever design.
His clever use of styling details like deep V-necklines and allover ruching produces dresses that slim the silhouette and complement the curves.
The atmospheric taxi ride at the beginning of the game is actually a clever trick to get information from you.
Fortunately, the aliens discover a clever way of getting rid of the garbage -- lining them up in colored groups of three.
There are a few ways that clever, resourceful individuals can do to feed their gaming frenzy and not put a hole in their wallets.
Some people are clever enough to use HTML to hide the link, so just use a mouse rollover to view the web address in the bar at the bottom of your browser.
Little Gamers features a very simplistic art style that really puts the focus back on the clever writing and great humor.
I've seen them in all weird shapes and sizes from boring wood racks to pretty clever wire/stainless steel styles that hang from the ceiling -- and anything in between.
He was able to draw people to the activity of social dancing through clever advertising, and his teachers made learning dance so fun that just about everyone who came to the studios once stayed in lessons for years.
It is probably the easiest way to get good-quality clip art, matching themes, and even clever text for your dance party invitation.
The initial funds were so limited that the trademark black and white packaging was not a result of clever marketing...it was all they could afford at the time.
These are only the basic ideas for wedding styles; many brides can find glamorous ways to turn their regular style into a stunning bridal look with clever hair accessories.
If monthly hair color touch-ups are out of the budget, you will either need to try our hand at at-home coloring or find clever ways to disguise the bothersome greys.
This craft is also a clever way to present a cash gift, instead of simply tucking a few bills into a greeting card or a plain envelope.
At home, towel origami animals can be made as party decorations or as a clever way to welcome out-of-town guests.
The clever use of lighter color stripes on the top actually draws the eyes up and away from the waistline.
Clever parents figured out that the trick was to have something that was all in one, which was also an ideal way of recycling old hand towels.
This is a fantastically cut suit because it enhances the bust via a deep V-neckline front, slims the torso and waist with clever ruching details, and does all this while providing modest rear coverage.
Taking inspiration from the very clever sarong wrap, this skirt is wraparound in nature, but features a fabulous slit thigh that shows plenty of leg.
Problem is, there are such minuscule amounts of everything it doesn't have one iota of effect on anything except to sucker you into paying more for a clever gimmick.
One is for individuals who want to get on the fast track and are clever enough to realize that the way they look impacts their credibility, confidence, etc. For these individuals I do an all day Total Image Makeover workshop.
Whoever first came up with the idea of Halloween pun costumes either deserves a medal or a pie in the face, but they are now a staple of every party and sometimes so clever, they win contests for sheer originality.
A homemade Indian costume is a clever and original choice for the holidays, whether for Halloween dress-up or a themed Thanksgiving event or play.
While there is no guarantee you will find exactly what you are looking for, there is a lot of choice and a clever mask-maker can adapt a template to suit their style.
You can use such skills to make your partner's daily happenings come alive with clever verbal renderings or deep insights into the human condition.
It makes you look confident and shows you have a sense of humor.Everyone wants to be the witty, clever, funny one, but don't feel bad if you can't pull that off every time.
Whether blatantly describing the act of sex and intimate body parts or using clever metaphor and innuendo to imply carnal subjects, erotic poetry is serious.
Many women prefer that a man not try and use some kind of clever line to "hook" them into conversation.
The Everlon designs are based on variations of the love knot, with loops of precious metal being held together in the style of knots by the clever inclusion of diamonds.
Another clever trick to adjust the fat content of a zucchini bread recipe is to substitute some or all of the butter or oil with applesauce.
Their clever craftsmanship and expensive materials, combined with one of the most prominent brand names in modern fashion history, completely justify the fact that you may need to refinance your home to afford a studded leather clutch.
Since the design of Tod's handbags is clever and unassuming, these bags can go with any clothing ensemble that carries an element of class.
This clever little accessory is a perfect piece to accentuate business wear, woolen coats, long gloves, or any ensemble that will have you out on the town.
The sad reality of many designer goods is that the latter are actually clever counterfeit reproductions of brand name products.
The Yellow Leopard Print Studded Handbag Purse with brass accents at Amazon really can't compare to the overwhelming panache of the Clever Carriage look, but it is perfectly functional and affordable at $..
Imaginative with a tendency to cast a philosophical eye on life's events, water element people are clever, scholarly and sometimes secretive.
By the same token, you will need to be imaginative and clever, and be able to adapt to the ever changing environment created by this sign.
To finish off the look, pick up a few clever accessories like Bombay's dashboard alarm clock that looks like it came straight from a vintage automobile or a basketball hoop lamp that features a glowing glass basketball.
While store-bought greetings are easy to find and relatively affordable, adding a special customized touch to a birthday greeting is a clever way to make the birthday celebration even more meaningful.
Clever Island is a subscription-based website that is geared towards providing educational games that are designed as supplemental activities to what is already going on in the classroom.
Disney movie scripts give a glimpse into the creative genius of one of the most clever and successful entertainment companies ever created.
Was it a clever ploy to spark traffic for an auction, or is there really some mysterious power attached to this work of art?
Given all of the accounts in and around the loch, is the creature real or just a clever story trumped up by the locals to increase tourism to a remote and beautiful location?
Many of these sites are clever covers for spammers and identity thieves or elaborate advertisements for unrelated products and services.
With that said, people often send e-cards with clever and wicked humor for occasions from birthdays and holidays to good close friends, relatives, family, and husband or wife.
It may seem clever to say (since Ryan plays a teacher on television), but I like to work with charities that benefit kids because it's so important.
Since the Aquarian is a natural born thinker, it may just take some clever brainstorming on your end to come up with the perfect Aquarian symbol that represents your nature and personality.
Rather than opt for a tribal or flower design, you may find these cute pixie tattoos and ideas too clever to pass up.
Many of these second homes were larger than the homeowner's city dwelling, and their clever use of logs, bark, stone, and other natural elements inspired an entire school of design.
Another reason to be careful about buying a Breitling emergency watch is the fact that lives may depend on the transmission device, and as such it is imperative that this is in full working order and not a clever fake.
Many other cheerleaders will freely share their cheers online, and it's great to read how they come up with their ideas and the clever (and hilarious) new cheers, chants, and routines they manage.
Young children can simply dip a cut apple directly into red or green paint to make a clever stamp, but older kids can try to create more detailed apple images.
One clever way to do so is to use one of the water backpacks that are available now - like the CamelBak hydration system.
The researchers found the despite the abundance of seemingly clever tummy-toning gadgets, some of the best exercises involved less sophisticated equipment.
A secret of housewives for many years, the "pasta sauce" biceps curl is just a clever way to remind you to look in your pantry for a couple of hand weights.
Indeed, the French have been thinking up clever improvements regarding underwear concepts long before any other country thought it important to do so.
The Clever Cool Chess Board Boxer has a novelty touch in that the nylon mesh has been silk screened to form a chessboard pattern.
On the other hand, if you are searching for a style that is a bit more daring, then look no further than the Clever Stripper Brief.
Small throw pillows, fuzzy slippers or personalized eye masks are all unique and clever ways to invite someone to an overnight party.
Teenagers can be finicky, but a clever theme can bring together friends for a fun time without seeming too structured or clichÈ.
If you're dealing with a lot of easily bored teenagers, especially those who are mortified when their parents start getting silly, you'll have to construct some clever games to keep them on their toes and, hopefully, interested.
Thanks to a combination of resurrecting the careers of forgotten celebs and some pretty clever casting, VH reality stars are in a league of their own.
Typically a problem required a technological or clever solution and his heroes (which were, in the beginning, uniformly male) figured it out with a minimum of emotional angst and saved the day.
A clever mystery and a great adventure for the imagination, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is an excellent addition to any reader's collection.
Released in , King Kong powerfully effected studio audiences, primed to feel fear by the clever gimmick of having nurses standing by in theaters where it was showing.
Clever use of camera tricks combined with clean CGI animation give this show an entirely original look from all angles.
With the help of his defense against the dark arts teacher, Remus Lupin, and his friends, Harry unravels a twisted tale of violence and betrayal, but will he be clever and quick enough to save Sirius from the dementor's kiss?
Designed to keep the toes gently separated from each other, these clever shoes allow you the comfort of painting your nails and heading out without waiting around for the color to dry.
If you like to stay on top of nail fads and ideas, then why not work this clever symbol and try your own luck at a nail trend?
With clever titles like I'm Not Really a Waitress (a sexy, true red), I'm Suzi & I'm a Chocoholic (a rich, warm brown) and Got a Date To-Knight! (a cotton candy pink), to name just a few, these polishes stand out for their names alone!
If you're trying to share your faith, the thought behind the message is more important than finding the picture with the most sparkle or the most clever saying.
Another recurring feature of the Twitter Tracker voice is the use of clever (or not-so-clever) wordplay to continue to build up the hype.
If you truly can't think of a good Facebook status idea, there are plenty of websites out there with clever suggestions.
Funny Statuses - This collection of status messages also comes from actual people, and has a wide variety of puns and clever updates to choose from.
Because javascript is a computing language, clever but unethical programmers have used it to create exploits and viruses that can be very damaging to your computer and use it as a platform for doing more bad things to other computer.
There is on one to connect me to New Hampshire though this little group who thought they were so clever hiding in that silly business in Keene might suspect that the one they hunted is now hunting them!
In March  General Tajes handed over the presidency to Herrera y Obes, a clever but unscrupulous man, who filled every official post with his own friends and ensured the return of his supporters to the chamber.
Her books are seen to be in large part merely clever reflections of other people's views or views current at the time.
Aurangzeb then, by a clever stroke of policy, seized the person of his father, and threw him into confinement, in which he was kept for the remaining eight years of his life.
It was in the middle of the th century that the decorative, but relatively feeble, Chinese art of the later Ming period found favor in Japan and a clever exponent in a painter named Ryurikyo It must be regarded as a sad decadence from the old Chinese ideals, which was further hastened, from about , by the popularity of the southern Chinese style.
Even from these, if the honesty of all concerned be granted (and even clever dishonesty could not have produced many of the results), it would appear that we are investigating a strange and important human faculty.
Their style of warfare, too, caused them to throw away the immense advantages which the broken bush-clad island offered to clever guerrilla partisans.
Marti's book is clever, but the circumstances in which it was produced account for its cold reception and afford presumption that the best scenes are not original.
But although the book in question was issued under letters patent, it is not really a translation of the Elizabethan book at all, but simply a reshaping of Aless's clever and inaccurate translation of Edward VI.'s first book.
With some very good jumpers - they can hardly be called good hunters - to steady them is to bid for a fall, while with some very clever hunters to hurry them is to bring them to grief.
Thence she contributed some clever papers, " From the Caves and Jungles of Hindostan " (published separately in English, London, ) to the Russky Vyestnik.
That Kanaris could carry out the venture with a volunteer party not belonging to a regularly disciplined service, not only proved him to be a clever partisan fighter, but showed that he was a leader of men.
He appears to have been well educated; he was certainly clever, and after coming to London in  he became acquainted with some Jesuits and was occasionally employed by them.
The diplomatic intrigue failed, largely through the flighty intervention of the princess of AnhaltZerbst, a clever but very injudicious woman.
Henry Thrale, one of the most opulent brewers in the kingdom, a man .of sound and cultivated understanding, rigid principles, and liberal spirit, was married to one of those clever, kind-hearted, engaging, vain, pert young women who are perpetually doing or saying what is not exactly right, but who, do or say what they may, are always agreeable.
Tacitus describes him as brave in action, ready of speech, clever at bringing others into odium, powerful in times of civil war and rebellion, greedy, extravagant, in peace a bad citizen, in war an ally not to be despised.
By the constitution this was within their power, and by clever manipulation of the constituencies they brought it about that the Ultramontane majority was reduced to two.
Iron is smelted by the natives, who, especially amongst the Hausas, are very clever smiths, and manufacture fine lances and arrow heads, knives and swords, and also hoes.
The natives round the Cameroon estuary are clever carvers of wood, and make highly ornamental figure heads for their canoes, which also sometimes show very fine workmanship. In the interior the people use the wild-growing cotton and fibres of plants to manufacture coarse drapery and plait-work.
He had meanwhile obtained the degree of doctor of theology from Erlangen, and was clever enough to persuade the Erfurt authorities to appoint him professor designate of theology.
In the same year he spoke on behalf of the proposal of Gaius Manilius to transfer the command against Mithradates from Lucullus to Pompey (de Lege Manilia), and delivered his clever but disingenuous defence of Aulus Cluentius (pro Cluentio) .
Fortunately the birds soon become tame in confinement, and a little patience will enable an attentive observer to satisfy himself as to the process, the result of which at first seems almost as unaccountable as that of a clever conjuring trick.
In these pieces, as in almost every production of his, in lieu of melody Liszt offers fragments of melody - touching and beautiful, it may be, or passionate, or tinged with triviality; in lieu of a rational distribution of centres of harmony in accordance with some definite plan, he presents clever combinations of chords and ingenious modulations from point to point; in lieu of musical logic and consistency of design, he is content with rhapsodical improvisation.
There are statues of D√ºrer, Sachs, Melanchthon, the reputed founder of the grammar-school, the navigator Martin Behaim, and Peter Henlein, the inventor of the watch; and the streets are further embellished with several fountains, the most noteworthy of which are the Sch√∂ne Brunnen, -, in the form of a large Gothic pyramid, adorned with statues of the seven electors, the "nine worthies," and Moses and the prophets; and the G√nsem√nnchen or goose-mannikin, a clever little bronze figure by Pankratz Labenwolf.
He was a clever and energetic man, and had been instructed to take severe measures with the Afghans, some of whom were suspected of intriguing to restore the city to the Delhi emperor.
All, or almost all, the clever young men of the brilliant generation of  passed under his influence; and, while he pleased the Romanticists by his frank appreciation of the beauties of English, German, Italian and Spanish poetry, he had not the least inclination to decry the classics - either the classics proper of Greece and Rome or the so-called classics of France.
His Amphitryons is a free imitation of the Latin, yet thoroughly national in spirit and cast in the popular redondilha; the dialogue is spirited, the situations comic. King Seleucus derives from Plutarch and has a prose prologue of real interest for the history of the stage, while Filodemo is a clever tragi-comedy in verse with prose dialogues interspersed.
As a man, Vieira would have made a nobler figure if he had not been so great an egotist and so clever a courtier, and the readiness with which he sustained directly opposite opinions at short intervals with equal warmth argues a certain lack of sincerity.
Some authorities see in it a descriptive epithet, derived from Arabic darasa (those who read the Book), or darisa (those in possession of Truth) or du g s (the clever or initiated); but more connect it with the name of the first missionary, Ismael Darazi.
Alarmed at the increase in his opponent's power, Gregory denounced him in a public letter, to which Frederick replied in a clever document addressed to the princes of Europe.
Latest News Boxing Clever for Mental Health Mind in Croydon have teamed up with three time world champion boxer, Duke McKenzie, .. .
Many are clever enough to know the truth, but choose to use their clever enough to know the truth, but choose to use their cleverness to continue to hide behind it.
In the first place, the Bible is contradictory in many places and it requires some clever babbling to reconcile the contradictions.
Computers are useful for many simulations related to nuclear weapons other than designing clever little devices that rapidly disassemble in spectacular ways.
Beyond British and sensationally sociological, Blur and singer/songwriter Damon Albarn weave tales of stifling middle class ennui into clever pop vignettes.
This clever little gimmick will enable you to perform one of the most visually, stunning magical effects you are ever likely to see.
Finally, signature systems can miss attacks when they are slowed down by clever hackers or when the system is overloaded.
However, the Slovenian eventually relegated Hawkins to fourth with a clever cut-back pass on the rear straight of the fourth lap.
It may seem to be an awfully clever wheeze to some Whitehall spin doctor to " bury bad news " in this way.
His early pieces were mostly concerned with intricate wordplay, which is all very clever but quite annoying after a while.
But although the Munchkin was hardly tall enough to come to Zeb's shoulder he was so strong and clever that he laid the boy three times on his back with apparent ease.
For instance, if you want to show more skin, look for styles with cutaway shoulders but go for criss-cross styles for clever concealment.
From fun competitions to clever teaching tools, the most loved board games are enjoyable for all ages and ability levels.
Bed Bath and Beyond - If buying replacement batteries isn't your thing, these clever votives are rechargeable and come with everything you need to keep them going.
Bring a wry smile to the lips of every parade attendee with this clever take on the classic Dr. Seuss tale, How the Grinch Stole Christmas.
Costume Idea Zone offers hundreds of quick ideas, including many that rely on clever word play, like the "leaf blower" look accomplished by dangling a leaf in front of your face and blowing on it.
A woman with an unusual and funny costume that focuses on her pregnant belly is sure to hear comments such as, "That's such a clever costume!"
A clever costume for a group can win so many points that you can get away with spending less effort and money on them than a costume for one.
You may think that this is just a clever marketing gimmick, but there are technologies that are designed specifically for quick-start running or long distance running.
Naturally, the company, which was founded in , offers this as one of many reasons to indulge in a pair of these clever shoes.
Clever. Many Disney tracks feature a good amount of quick words and cleverly crafted lines that viewers can revisit time and time again.
It is not compulsory, nor is it entirely gratuitous, but the fees are small and the state offers a great many scholarships, by means of which a clever child can pay for its own instruction.
A taste for French literature spread rapidly, and the poets and dramatists of Paris found clever imitators in St Petersburg.
Daniel was a frail but clever child, and his family made great sacrifices to give him and his elder brother Ezekiel a good education.
Baluze, who became his secretary in , helped him with the work and finished it, adding clever appendices and publishing the whole in  under the title Marca hispanica.
In  Mr Reitz had, in conjunction with Mr Steyn, come under the influence of a clever German named Borckenhagen, the editor of the Bloemfontein Express.
In some senses, this learned and consummately clever man may be looked upon as the real founder of the Society as history knows it.
The want of books and scientific apparatus at Cassel induced him to resort frequently to Gottingen, where he became betrothed to Therese Heyne, the daughter of the illustrious philologist, a clever and cultivated woman, but illsuited to be Forster's wife.
Another says clever things and one doesn't care to listen, but this one talks rubbish yet stirs an old fellow up.
He had sought the acquaintance of Benjamin Franklin, who was a friend of his sister Miss Howe, a clever eccentric woman well known in London society, and had already tried to act as a peacemaker.
