
His eyes found Bianca, who stood shivering in the rain, staring towards the fire, as if waiting for Jonny to reappear.
She talked to Dean as if any fool out here in the wilderness should be fully versed in everyone else's activity.
The room was otherwise arranged as if for a wedding with two sets of neatly lined chairs on either side of a long aisle.
Her hair glowed as if it were on fire, and she floated, her slender form clad in simple leggings and a tunic.
The three of us packed for three days only, as if so limiting our clothing changes would force our return more quickly.
It was as if I hadn't had time to come to grips with that tragedy with the world wind swirling around me.
He was dressed in black but not in SWAT gear, as if he knew nothing in this world could hurt him.
The scars ran all the way through his hand, as if it had been chopped up and put back together.
She was fully a part of him when they touched, as if he'd been missing more than a piece of his soul all these years and just now realized it.
She looked unsettled at the idea of leaving her lab and looked around, as if trying to figure out what to take.
Feeling as if she'd said too much, she turned and fled the cottage for her car and locked the doors.
She frowned at his tone, as if he considered her the newest, permanent member of his organization and not the guest she was.
It wasn't like the Magician's magic, which somehow fused with his, as if they were one person sharing one source of power.
The magic took hold of her, and she danced away from his strikes as if they were in slow motion.
A deeper ache, as if she had the flu and every muscle in her body was on fire, was made worse by sleeping on the cold floor.
His crying and shifting distracted her from the strange world around her and made her head pulse, as if he were trying to pry his way into her unwilling mind.
His visions were more than just his death; they were the first-person experience of the torturing and killing of many, many others, as if she were mutilating others.
Sofia forced her own smile, noticing how Claire's gaze swept over her as if she were an uninvited insect in her bedroom.
Sofia hung up the phone, feeling as if she were emerging from a stupor for the first time in months.
He said nothing, and she saw the look that crossed his face, as if he wasn't sure what to make of it.
She reached a stairwell and descended to a floor with wider, taller corridors, as if she'd gone from the wing with private chambers to a more public area.
She was surprised to find the idea of tasting him didn't repulse her, as if the intimate bond with him was natural.
The chilly ocean breeze made her dress move as if it was alive, and she swiped at the pink hair blinding her.
Mrs. Lincoln, the Deans' cat, strolled into the room and rubbed the young girl's leg as if to ask what was the problem.
It was as if she was being forced to divulge what she wanted to tell but had promised not to.
Martha rose and began to pace across the room, putting one foot toe to heel in front of the other, as if walking a tight rope.
Toward dawn, her conversation became fixed on the skeleton-man she'd discovered in the depths of the mine as if he too was a forever forgotten soul, equally immersed in lonely darkness.
After embarrassed apologies, she seemed compelled to sit down and chat, as if idle conversation might be penance for the pilfered peach pie.
It wasn't as if he was around much when he was in town, so an empty place at the table just meant an extra potato.
On her way down the hall, she paused at Martha's room and peeked in, as if hoping some memory of the child remained.
Death lowered the hand displaying the end of the world scenario.  The images of Gabe fighting demons switched to those of Katie on the beach under the moonlight.  Rhyn's breath caught at the sight of her.  She appeared exhausted, tattered, and drenched from the underworld rain.  She'd never looked as beautiful as she did, even if she looked as if she'd just left the underworld.  Toby was with her, pulling her from the beach towards the Sanctuary.
She stood on the front porch, puffing on her cigarette as if sucking in a lung full of chemicals might somehow help matters.
Cynthia leaned back against the seat and closed her eyes while Brandon Westlake acted as if he were taking a Sunday afternoon ride in the park.
In the eyes of the Deans, it was looking more and more as if person or persons unknown did in fact take the original bones and switch them for the theatrical imitations Fitzgerald dragged out of The Lucky Pup mine.
The cat declined a lap-offer in favor of the purple rocker, Martha's chair, as if to question the whereabouts of her missing friend.
Instead, he rose—a suggestion they go inside—but Cynthia and Mrs. Lincoln were content together, as if oblivious to Pumpkin and Westlake.
He talked to me as if I were a real person, not just a skirt he was plotting to lift.
Paul Dawkins wiped his face with his hand and looked at Dean as if to ask if he were serious.
The two women chatted amicably, as if they'd known one another for a lifetime, with Cynthia pointing out the sights with a running line of commentary.
He made the entire trip up without seeing another vehicle, and the lords of luck were with him—Jennifer Radisson's camera was sitting in the crevice of a rock as if it were waiting for him.
It was only moments later when his fears were realized by the gnashing, booming, ripping sound of metal on rock, echoing across the valley like a clap of thunder, repeating and repeating, as if car after car had met a similar fate, further and further away.
He thought she might be sleeping, but her place was ablaze with lights, and she met him at the door as if expecting him.
It's not as if I wasn't in police work long enough to know that, but Billy's death was such a god-awful waste of a young life.
Ginger Dawkins was sitting on the porch in her pretty blue sweater as if she'd never huffed and puffed her exit a day earlier.
It did sound as if the Dawkins boys' temporary peace had come to an end, but Dean paid little heed to the raised voices.
Edith was as nervous as the prior evening, glancing across the hall at her son, as if danger lurked in every corner of Bird Song.
Effie stood in the middle of the room, as if enthralled and after all the smiles and appropriate handshakes, took a deep breath and closed her eyes.
It looked as if the Deans might have more time to themselves, even if Janet's absence meant they'd spend their leisure changing sheets and cleaning toilets.
Claire Quincy turned and stared at him, as if waiting for the quid pro quo of an if-you-don't-tell, I-won't-tell agreement of some sort.
Weller took another bite of his sandwich, waved Dean to a seat as if he were the host, and continued with his discourse.
Then, as if explaining her long distance telephone expenditure added, "She got a free phone card for listening to a time share pitch."
Any time anyone tries to raise the subject to Donnie, he just turns away and acts as if he didn't hear the question.
His sole security was the loop of this rope around his body, between his legs, across his back and over his shoulder, which he then grasped as if his life depended on it.
He felt as if they were melting in to each other, and rather than anticipating what could come next, he was content to just stay in this moment.
The bounty of New England's autumn surrounded them, and the sun reflected off the leaves as if it were playing with the tone, searching for the perfect combination of pigment.
They made their way to the back of the bar where the bartender stood as if waiting for a bus.
The feds ignored the newcomers after a few looks, content to stroll and chat as if nothing were amiss anywhere.
He was peering closely at the people on the screen, as if trying to assess if there were any survivors.
She heard disconcerting sounds of heavy weapons fire in the distance, and the forest smelled as if it were burning.
In fact, standing in her apartment, she had the surreal sense that life hadn't changed, as if she could open the door and go to work like any other day.
Katie didn't answer for a moment, pensive.  Gabe glanced back at her then slowed, as if sensing she was growing tired.
She twisted to face the direction from which it had come, expecting to see Gabriel.  Nothing was there.  The jungle around her fell suddenly still, and the possessed branches stopped in place, as if watching her.
Rhyn opened a portal and walked through the cool shadow place.  The shadow world felt … strange this time.  He looked around, unsettled by the sensation that someone else was there.  The black portal to Hell throbbed then dimmed, as if someone and come through.
At the Sanctuary, Kris was just getting ready to return to his tent when Kiki burst onto the beach, looking as if he were being chased by demons.
Her words fell heavily, as if she knew she was already doomed to her fate in the underworld.  Rhyn said nothing for a long moment.
Andre didn't bother to disappear, as if no longer worried the Immortal might see him.  The death-dealer looked lost for a moment then rose and strapped on his weapons.
The branches around him darted around then fell still, as if watching.  Toby knelt beside Ully and grunted as he rolled the Immortal onto his back.  Disappointed to have their journey paused already, he looked around then back at Ully.
Katie touched the roots ensnaring the sleeping woman's ankle.  The mess baffled her, as if the roots themselves had reached out to grab Deidre's ankles instead of her slipping and stumbling into them.  The gnarly roots were twisted and thick, wrapped too tightly for her to pry them apart.
Katie turned away and snatched Toby's hand.  They approached the demons tentatively, waiting for the quiet creatures to attack rather than move. As if under a trance, the demons moved away in synchronized steps.
His words made Rhyn's throat tighten.  He'd never acted in order to gain his brothers' favor, but Kris's words affected him more than he thought they would.  There was a flash of light and Kris was gone.  Gabe jerked, as if surprised to find himself still standing.
He heard Hannah crying and smelled the unmistakable scent of human blood before he took a step onto the block.  He strode down the block and paused in front of Hannah's cell.  She was curled up on the bed, sobbing.  When he looked at the cell across from her, he saw why.  Jared stood in the cell, covered in blood.  The cell looked as if a human had exploded, and Rhyn saw a pile of bones Jared had gnawed clean then stacked neatly.
Dean felt cheated, doubly so because yesterday, a comp day off, it had rained as if St. Swithin was ticked off at the world, denying him the pleasure of biking the Pennsylvania countryside.
Most of these commuters lived on the eastern perimeter, as if the extra mile or two made their daily trek somehow more acceptable.
She answered without pause and then spent long sec­onds looking down at her coffee, as if searching for words to clari­fy her statement.
The first picture was of a young man dressed in a suit, looking as if he'd rather be anywhere else.
It was beginning to look more as if Jeffrey Byrne pulled a stupid stunt after a few too many drinks in a lonely motel, leaving a widow and a teenaged son to fend for themselves.
Rita had returned and Harrigan was knee-deep in paper work, smiling as usual, but looking as if his heart wasn't in it. ita Angeltoni was the sloppiest woman Dean had ever known.
Ethel looked at him as if he'd proposed a trip to the moon, stating emphatically the only activity worthy of sweat would take place in her king size bed.
The -year-old detective with bright red crew cut and opened-collar sports shirt looked as if nothing short of a catastrophe would cause him a lick of concern.
The top half, which might have identified the date and the store was missing as if the slip had been torn in two.
He moved around to the far side of the car, as if to get out of earshot of the house.
Mrs. Lincoln hopped up, stretching her lan­guid body and yawning, as if wondering why these two idiots were keeping such late hours.
The guy exud­ed confidence to the point where Dean felt as if he had just dropped a plateful of mashed potatoes in his lap while this tall, dark stranger was toasting the queen.
She looked as if she wanted him to stay, or at least he told himself that, but he returned to his car.
It looks as if the insurance company may be willing to advance some of the life insurance money—at least enough to tide us over for a while.
A short, balding man, who looked as if a haircut was more a social event than a necessity, rose to leave, and with a glance at the back room said, "Ol' Ralph always was a bit weird."
Jenny didn't look as if she believed their story but Dean was a detective so she simply took their statements and refrained from asking embarrassing questions.
Dean woke up feeling as if a truck had hit him, backed up and rolled over him a couple more times just to make sure.
Dean felt ill at ease in Cynthia Byrne's bedroom, spying on her world, seeing the small rainbow of dresses hanging in her closet, sharing space with suits and shirts looking as if they were awaiting the return of Jeffrey Byrne.
Amid the chaos, a nurse calmly filled out forms in a method­ical fashion, looking as if the second coming of Christ wouldn't ruf­fle her.
Arthur's social friends pawed all over one another on one side of the room, while his lawyer pals held down the other side, acting as if it were a board meeting instead of a wake.
It was as if this separation was by miles only, and not the great chasm created by the disap­pearance of Jeffrey Byrne.
He felt a new breath, a new strength, as if he were just beginning his ride in a young and fit body.
Now that he knew the story he was as cold and precise as if he were giving out a speeding ticket to an out-of-state Caddy.
The shock of red hair on the top of his head was unruly, as if he had been running his fingers through it.
Everyone thought she was being immature about this – as if there were something ridiculous about the idea of a -year-old virgin.
It wasn't as if she were wearing a bikini, and her only physical attributes were a flat abdomen and smooth curves – well, those and her breasts, but they were over proportioned - out of balance, so to speak.
That night as they sat at the table eating the supper she had cooked, it seemed cozy – as if they were already married.
No one was there to show her how to hold the baby, but the most natural position seemed to be as if she were breast feeding it.
Alex's voice began forceful and then lost purpose - as if he thought it wiser not to say what was on his mind.
He held her close for a while, caressing her hair and back ... crooning to her as if she were a child.
In the valley below, the old house seemed to stare at her with blank eyes, as if it too was trying to avoid seeing something.
She ran to him, kissing him as if she hadn't done so an hour ago before he left to do the chores.
Looking up into his sweet chocolate gaze, feeling the stroke of his hands on her face and neck, even the quickening of pulse — it was as if they had met all over again.
The towering, muscular man who held her until she fell asleep every night and made love to her as if she was the only woman he'd ever known was no more.
Somehow, they lessened her pain again, as if the strange figure before her wrapped them in magic before placing them in her head.
In fact, he rarely looked her in the eye, as if she was a reminder of something he didn't want to recall.
She studied him closely, as if looking for signs of the man he'd been the last time she saw him.
She hadn't heard or sensed him, as if he'd gone to some sort of stealth mode that silenced even his mind.
Although older, his own name was present under Damian's, as if it had been erased during the long years of his slavery and newly added.
The Black God looked around him, disoriented, as if he'd been dropped into the foyer and not Traveled there himself.
Darian moved forward as if in a dream, stopping within the shade of apple trees as he gazed at the scene before him.
She scrambled up, ever the actress, and smiled at him as if this was any other day before the Schism.
Sprawled on the ground, Jenn stared at the pillar of roaring magic that replaced the obelisk, as if a cork had been loosened from the core of the immortal world.
Darian couldn't help but pity her as well; her eyes were circled with black and puffy, as if she'd been crying recently.
He placed the unsettling book on a table and crossed the chamber, watching the book as if it might decide to walk away on its own.
She was not bleeding, for which she was grateful, but her body ached as if it had been flung around a stone room for hours.
The moment he made the decision to demand her as payment, all had become overwhelmingly clear, as if he had chosen at last to take control of a dream that had imprisoned him for so long.
His eyes were blacker than night and gleamed while his touch was cold, as if his body were already dead.
Despite feeling better rested than she could remember, she was unable to shake the sense of unease from the catacombs, as if Jame's magic lingered.
It felt like a lifetime, as if she were looking up on the walls for the first time in an age!
Destiny's eyelids kept drooping and then she would open her eyes wide as if afraid she might miss something good.
Alex and Gerald talked around and over the bobbing heads of children on their laps as if it were an everyday occurrence.
He opened the door for her and they walked down the hall side by side, as if nothing had come between them.
He took her to church on Sunday, complimented her attire and fussed over her as if her injured shoulder was a disabling factor.
His dripping frame emerged from the water and he strode toward her as if the bottom of the creek were sand.
As he leaned down to kiss the infant, her heart felt as if it were being torn from her body.
Brandon clutched his hands together across from Jessi, as if wanting to hug his sister but unwilling to make such a gesture.
Her toned hourglass shape was clothed in jeans and a snug t-shirt and pink house slippers, as if she'd left home in a hurry.
He seemed guarded and genuinely unsettled, as if he wasn't expecting an assistant today, despite the note from Ingrid she found.
He drew closer once more, pausing on the opposite side of the counter, watching her in a way that left her feeling as if she was standing naked in his living room, armed with a gun.
Cat sat at the top of the stairs overlooking the main floor, as if to tell him where Jessi was.
He sat down in his chair and propped his legs up with nonchalance, as if he hadn't performed the impossible and healed her.
Instinctive, powerful, and light-footed, he twirled the bo as if it was an extension of him, adapting to his opponent and absorbing any blows that fell to him without flinching.
He heard the brush of skin against metal, as if someone had Traveled to a spot with tighter quarters than expected.
The man who tore people in two had been beyond gentle with her, savoring every inch of her body, as if he was trying to memorize everything about her.
Nor would it seem as if it could be the intention of the author to do much more than point out the lines on which the further treatment of the subject should advance.
It dashes at once into the middle of the subjects with the examination of a problem which had baffled the ancients, and seems as if it were tossed at the heads of the French geometers as a challenge.
It seemed as if all France had been waiting for this event as a signal, for organized churches began to spring up every where immediately afterwards.
By it the northern provinces bound themselves together " as if they were one province " to maintain their rights and liberties " with life-blood and goods " against foreign tyranny, and to grant complete freedom of worship and of religious opinion throughout the confederacy.
A married woman may hold her separate property, carry on business, sue and be sued the same as if she were single, except that in conveying or mortgaging her real estate she must be joined by her husband.
When these became law, he neglected to enforce them, and on the  st of September  he was required by the council to maintain at St Paul's Cross that the royal authority was as great as if the king were forty years of age.
As to judgment debts, it is sufficient to say that, when by the judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction an order is made that a sum of money be paid by one of two parties to another, such a debt is not only enforceable by process of court, but it can be sued upon as if it were an ordinary debt.
With approved conduct, however, he may be absolutely released after twenty to twenty-five years in the settlement; and throughout that time, though possessing no civil rights, a quasi-judicial procedure controls all punishments inflicted upon him, and he is as secure of obtaining justice as if free.
Yet this process of development is not to be conceived as if one stage is naturally produced out of the other, and not even as if the one followed the other in time.
Their natural resemblances and differences are only to be expressed by disposing them as if they were branches springing from a common hypothetical centre.
The th council of Toledo (in ) has been cited as if it visited certain very great sinners with scourging as an ecclesiastical punishment.
Its opening, the vent, is situated either on the middle line at the base of the tail, or on the right side, as if to balance the sinistral position of the spiraculum.
The influence of man on plants and vegetation is also a biological factor, which is frequently ignored as such, and treated as if it were a thing apart.
Only the Samnites, who were as yet without the Roman franchise, remained his enemies, and it seemed as if the old war between Rome and Samnium had to be fought once again.
These views were expressed with extraordinary vigour and incisiveness in his Letter from Sydney (), published while he was still in prison, but composed with such graphic power that it has been continually quoted as if written on the spot.
When he cries "Rain, rain," or otherwise makes vivid to himself and his hearers the idea of rain, expecting that the rain will thereby be forced to come, it is as if he had said "Rain, now you must come," or simply "Rain, come!"
The country was at this period conducted practically as if it were the private estate of the president, and no accounts of revenue or expenditure were vouchsafed to the public. In  the Colorados nominated Senor Idiarte Borda for the presidency.
It has seemed as if any form of nobility was inconsistent with a republican form of government, while nobility, in some shape or other, has come to be looked on as a natural, if not a necessary, appendage to a monarchy.
The colouring of the steppe changes as if by magic, and only the silvery plumes of the steppe-grass (Stipa pennata) wave in the wind, tinting the steppe a bright yellow.
Naturally the company named does not reach all of these points, but its line across the Andes supplies the indispensable link of communication, in the absence of which the east coast towns and the west coast towns have hitherto been as widely separated as if they had been located on different continents-indeed, far more widely separated in point of time and of freight charges than Great Britain and the United States.
But once the order is confirmed by the Board, with or without modifications, it has effect as if it had been enacted by parliament, and it cannot afterwards be upset on the ground of any alleged irregularity in the proceedings.
When, however, he had succeeded in extracting from the sources a general idea that seemed to him clear and simple, he attached himself to it as if to the truth itself, employing dialectic of the most penetrating, subtle and even paradoxical character in his deduction of the logical consequences.
The ague-fit begins with chills proceeding as if from the lower part of the back, and gradually extending until the coldness overtakes the whole body.
Energyequations, such as the above, may be operated with precisely as if they were algebraic equations, a property which is of great advantage in calculation.
Images of Caligula were set up in the synagogues, an edict deprived the Jews of their rights as citizens, and finally the governor authorized the mob to sack the Jewish quarter, as if it had been a conquered city ().
It is, indeed, as if the high land of central Asia had been pushed southward against and over the unyielding mass formed by the old rocks of the Indian peninsula, and in the process the edges of the over-riding strata had been crumpled and folded.
The words " Asiatic " and " Oriental " are often used as if they denoted a definite and homogeneous type, but Russians resemble Asiatics in many ways, and Turks, Hindus, Chinese, &c., differ in so many important points that the common substratum is small.
It has been understood as if Reid had merely appealed from the reasoned conclusions of philosophers to the unreasoned beliefs of common life.
It was no longer possible to write as if the whole civilization of the Western world would sit down contentedly under the shadow of East Gothic dominion and Amal sovereignty.
He quotes, as if he were familiarly acquainted with their writings, a number of Greek and Roman writers, of whom it is almost certain that he had not read more than one or two.
By feeding the sheep, the land is dunged as if it had been folded; and those turnips, though few or none be carried off for human use, are a very excellent improvement, nay, some reckon it so, though they only plough the turnips in without feeding."
This was an amending act and not a consolidating act; consequently it had to be read as if incorporated into the already existing acts.
As a speaker Mill was somewhat hesitating, pausing occasionally as if to recover the thread of his argument, but he showed great readiness in extemporaneous debate.
By the numbers prefixed it would look as if there should be four new members of this order; but that seems to be due rather to a slip of the pen or to a printer's error.
The property rights of husband and wife are nearly equal; a wife may hold her property the same as if single, and a widower or a widow is entitled to the use for life of one-third of the real estate of which his or her deceased consort was seized at the time of his or her death.
A married woman can lease her " separate property" apart from or under the Married Women's Property Acts, as if she were a single woman (feme sole) .
Properly speaking, tenancy at sufferance is not a tenancy at all, inasmuch as if the landlord acquiesces in it, it becomes a tenancy at will; and it is to be regarded merely as a legal fiction which prevented the rightful owner from treating the tenant as a trespasser until he had himself made an actual entry on or had brought an action to recover the land.
Section  of the act gives the tenant the same rights to compensation as if his holding had been a holding under the Agricultural Holdings Act  (vide supra).
When Godfrey died in July  (after successful forays against the Mahommedans which took him as far as Damascus), it might seem as if a theocracy were after all to be established in Jerusalem, in spite of the events of .
It then often retains its vitality for a long time, apparently crawling as if it were itself a worm, a phenomenon which is at least partially explained by the extraordinary development of nervous tissue, equally distributed all through the walls of the proboscis, and either united into numerous longitudinal nerve-stems (Drepanophorus, Amphiporus) or spread out into a uniform and comparatively thick layer (Cerebratulus, sp.).
The Liber de compositione alchemiae, which professes to be by Morienus - perhaps the same as the Marianus who was the teacher of Khalid - was translated by Robertus Castrensis, who states that he finished the work in , and speaks as if he were making a revelation - " Quid sit alchemia nondum cognovit vestra Latinitas."
The phosphates of aluminium, chromium and iron are precipitated, and the solution contains the same metals as if phosphoric acid had been absent.
By this method it is shown that water, when present as " water of crystallization," behaves as if it were ice.
Wagner's earlier works have too long been treated as if they represented the pure and healthy childhood of his later ideal; as if Lohengrin stood to Parsifal as Haydn, Mozart and early Beethoven stand to Beethoven's last quartets.
Not until the third act does the great Wagner arbitrate in the struggle between amateurishness and theatricality in the music, though at all points his epoch-making stagecraft asserts itself with a force that tempts us to treat the whole work as if it were on the Wagnerian plane of Tannhauser's account of his pilgrimage in the third act.
As these phalangites are distinguished both from the Greek mercenaries and the native Egyptian levies, it looks (although such a fact would be staggering) as if more Macedonians could be raised for military service in Egypt than in Macedonia itself (but see Beloch, p. ).
The Mediterranean occupies nearly half the inhabited world in longitude, and the east coast of Africa is shown as if it extended due east.
Thereupon the Quakers, who were perhaps not without the -obstinacy of which Marcus Aurelius complained in the early Christians, rushed to Massachusetts as if invited, and the result was that the general court of the colony banished them on pain of death, and four of them, three men and one woman,were hanged for refusing to depart from the jurisdiction or for obstinately returning within it.
Their plan is for the most part that of a house, with a door of entrance and passage leading into a central chamber or atrium, with others of smaller size opening from it, each having a stone-hewn bench or triclinium on three of its sides, on which the dead, frequently a pair of corpses side by side, were laid as if at a banquet.
In the sandy part of the desert beyond this strip of fertility both men and beasts, leaving the beaten path, sink as if in loose snow.
His absolute independence was as little gained as if he had camped out in Hyde Park; relatively he lived the life of a recluse.
These four groups, however, were of unequal importance, and thanks to this arrangement the English, although weakest in point of numbers, were able to exercise the same influence in the council as if they had formed a fourth of the voters.
In view of these troops the Prussian line, which had advanced faultlessly as if on parade, halted to prepare its bayonet attack by fire, and, once halted, it was found impossible to get them to go on again.
It seemed as if nothing could save the Austrians from complete disaster, but at the critical moment the emperor, yielding to the protestations of his corps commanders, who represented the excessive fatigue of their troops, stopped the pursuit, and the archduke made the most of his opportunity to restore order amongst his demoralized men, and crossed to the north bank of the Danube during the night.
Suddenly towards the end of August, as if by previous understanding (although nothing of the sort was ever proved), small bands of Sioux scattered along the frontier for  m.
The wire will in fact become temporarily magnetized by induction, that end of it which is nearest to the pole of the magnet acquiring opposite polarity, and behaving as if it were the pole of a permanent magnet.
It has been suggested  that an iron rod under magnetization may be in the same condition as if under a mechanically applied longitudinal stress tending to shorten the iron.
According to Hopkinson's calculation, this sample behaved as if % of the iron contained in it had completely lost its magnetic property.'
This would be as if two men were to agree to draw lots as to which should commit suicide in order to avoid fighting a duel.
The scorpion, attacking the genitals of the bull, is sent by Ahriman from the lower world to defeat the purpose of the sacrifice; the dog, springing towards the wound in the bull's side, was venerated by the Persians as the companion of Mithras; the serpent is the symbol of the earth being made fertile by drinking the blood of the sacrificial bull; the raven, towards which Mithras turns his face as if for direction, is the herald of the Sun-god, whose bust is near by, and who has ordered the sacrifice; various plants near the bull, and heads of wheat springing from his tail, symbolize the result of the sacrifice; the cypress is perhaps the tree of immortality.
But, although the relation of reason to an external authority thus constitutes the badge of medieval thought, it would be unjust to look upon Scholasticism as philosophically barren, and to speak as if reason, after an interregnum of a thousand years, resumed its rights at the Renaissance.
By the end of October the last Turkish regular had quitted Magyar soil, and, to use the words of a contemporary observer, one quarter of Hungary was as utterly destroyed as if a flood had passed over it.
If the point under consideration be so far away from the geometrical shadow that a large number of the earlier zones are complete, then the illumination, determined sensibly by the first zone, is the same as if there were no obstruction at all.
If on the other hand the number of zones be odd, the effects conspire; and the illumination (proportional to the square of the amplitude) is four times as great as if there were no obstruction at all.
In another direction, making a small angle with the last, such that the projection of AB upon it amounts to a few wavelengths, it is easy to see that the mode of interference is the same as if there were no ruling.
The advantage of approximate bisection lies in the superior brilliancy of the surviving spectra; but in any case the compound grating may be considered to be perfect in the longer interval, and the definition is as good as if the bisection were accurate.
It is then verified that, after integration with respect to dS, () gives the same disturbance as if the primary wave had been supposed to pass on unbroken.
The pyramidions were sheathed in bright metal, catching and reflecting the sun's rays as if they were thrones of the sunlight.
Living things which present this visible structure are said to be organized; and so widely does organization obtain among living beings, that organized and living are not unfrequently used as if they were terms of co-extensive applicability.
Such injuries are apt to occur in syphilitic endarteritis, or senile arterial decay, whereby an artery may be blocked permanently, as if with an embolus, and the area supplied by it, in so far as it was dependent upon this vessel, deprived of nutrition.
