
Fevered and shivering, she felt too weak and hungry to focus well, but the shape of the black hourglass was unmistakable.
If you don't remember where you buried the bone, it isn't going to be much help when you get hungry later.
When you're hungry and someone offers a meal, maybe you start rationalizing the price you're paying and start playing by a different set of rules.
You will want to divide that  calories during the day, so you are not feeling overly hungry before any given meal.
If you are serving small sandwiches or hors d'oeuvres at your tea, plan on each guest eating approximately eight pieces; allow for more if you have wide variety or if your party is near a mealtime when guests may arrive hungry.
In order to maximize your return on coins and points, it helps to have a strategy in place to know how to handle the onslaught of hungry customers entering your café.
After about  days, it definitely got easier as I was less hungry and came up with better coping strategies.
You are encouraged to drink a lot of water and eat four to five meals each day regardless of whether or not you are hungry.
If you've tried to follow a  calorie diet but failed because you were hungry, such a low calorie diet is probably not realistic for you.
Hungry for more magical action and the thrill of seeing their favorite boy wizard come alive on screen, fans of J.K. Rowling's best-selling novels made this film a blockbuster during the  holiday season.
With the flow of information and misinformation available on the Internet, fans hungry for more may even find an episode  storyline, but it is nothing more than fan fiction.
Governments made a commitment at the  World Food Summit to cut by half the number of chronically hungry people by .
People are going hungry while ever increasing numbers of animals are fed huge amounts of food in a hopelessly inefficient system.
A, Eat little and often, and when you feel hungry, rather than trying to force yourself at regular mealtime only.
He was typical of the many Jerry Green stray dogs picked up daily wandering and lonely often mistreated and hungry.
Thousands of hungry landless African peasants in their own country demanding a piece of their own land are effortlessly dismissed.
Their natural ferocity and powerful armature are sometimes turned upon one another; combats, often mortal, occur among male lions under the influence of jealousy; and Andersson relates an instance of a quarrel between a hungry lion and lioness over the carcase of an antelope which they had just killed, and which did not seem sufficient for the appetite of both, ending in the lion not only killing, but devouring his mate.
Feed your baby formula or breast milk before you begin to ensure he isn't too hungry and to get him used to the idea that this new substance is food.
The ideal time to schedule a baby's birthday party is when you know he will be well-rested and not hungry.
For example, if you want your child to let you know when she is hungry, you can teach her to point at the refrigerator as you say "eat".
That doesn't mean that you should make your baby hold out if she becomes hungry after an hour and a half, however.
While the above arguments make a great case for breastfeeding, the most compelling argument for breastfeeding in public is very simple...when your baby is hungry, you need to feed him!
If you have to struggle with opening and closing the flaps on your bra, along with handling an extremely hungry and fussy baby, you can easily become frustrated!
However, if an infant wakes up crying and is hungry, it is best to feed your baby before trying to soothe your baby back to sleep.
Does he repeat the same word several times before completing a sentence or phrase, such as "I…I…I am hungry?"
Don't develop such a strict schedule that you are attempting to feed baby even when she is not hungry or holding off on feeding her because it isn't time yet.
Anyone who has had to deal with a hungry, irritable toddler knows the relief that quick finger foods can provide in a pinch.
While healthy babies are notoriously good at sending out alarms when they're hungry and stopping eating when they are full, it is still a good idea to keep a close eye on newborn babies' growth rates.
Batter Blaster is a boon for dads who are short on time, but have hungry kids at the table on a Saturday morning.
If you get hungry you can grab lunch or dinner at the Bravo Farms Restaurant or get a snack at the various food places, like Auntie Anne's Pretzels and Baskin Robins, located throughout the mall.
Since you let your cat roam outside all day, there's always the chance that she's discovered another food source, so she's less hungry when she gets home.
Eric Carle's artwork is truly unique and his tale The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a joy for parents and children alike.
Once you eat that, don't immediately grab another portion, sit and talk and then survey whether you are still hungry.
Paris Hilton later called Ryan Seacrest's radio show to explain that she was just "really hungry" and driving around in the pursuit of food.
New York Post - The notorious Page Six gives all of the latest headlines, photos and celebrity sightings that hungry fans are looking for.
Every week, celebrity gossip magazines hit the shelves and there is more than enough sexy photos in the pages to keep any hungry fan happy.
Guests who are hungry on the Oasis of the Seas do not have to worry about a lack of options.
If your dog has been hunting or rummaging in the garbage, he may be full and not hungry for his regular dinner.
Bladder Senna (Colutea) - These cannot be called choice flowering shrubs, but they are very useful for poor hungry soils, particularly for dry sunny banks, where few other plants can exist; they are excellent, too, in smoky districts.
The -year old supermodel chronicled her battle with anorexia and exercise as she was struggling to survive as a waif thin supermodel in her memoir, "Hungry."
She is the author of a book entitled Hungry, and she has gained much notoriety for her work as a size + model, and has even graced the cover of Harper's Bazaar.
This activity not only allows experienced gardeners to share their knowledge with others at the center, but also to contribute to local service agencies that distribute food to the hungry.
While a variety of snack kiosks and restaurants are available for hungry guests, no trip to Knott's Berry Farm would be complete without the ultimate dining experience - Mrs. Knott's Chicken Dinner Restaurant.
If you get hungry during your stay, you'll be excited to find that there is a Pizza Hut located inside the hotel, as well as a Seattle's Best coffee shop.
Time didn't freeze for Seaman because the VMU kept the clock running and the tank would get dirty, Seaman would get hungry, etc. He could die right on the VMU.
You click again to spread the feed in front of them so that your flock doesn't have to go hungry.
This includes feeding them when they're hungry and shooting the hideous alien creatures that teleport inside the tank with your special laser gun.
Following these practices, you will not only avoid creating food-conditioned bears, but will also help protect yourself and your friends from hungry or curious bears.
You and your guests will be ravenously hungry just from playing in the outdoors, so the food you prepare will be even more delectable!
When winter weather turns bad, it may require you to stay longer than you originally planned so it is best to have a little extra food on hand than to go hungry.
Since breast milk is so easily digested, a baby may be hungry again as soon as one and one-half hours after the last feeding.
Because nutrients are only poorly digested and absorbed, the person with CF is often ravenously hungry, underweight, and shorter than expected for his age.
Pacifiers never should be used to replace a feeding, and children should never be given a pacifier if they are hungry.
A hungry cry begins softly and then becomes loud and rhythmic; an angry cry is similar to a hungry cry but louder.
Those who homeschool their children have a unique opportunity to present history to these children in a way that can have them hungry for learning more, no matter what the topic is.
One lender may be hungry to lend a significant amount of money and thus may aggressively give loans to people who might not be as qualified as others.
You will find that your body produces milk when your baby is hungry, whether or not he's at the breast.
Do not wait until you are hungry to have something to eat; often this hunger can quickly turn to nausea because the stomach is empty.
Although it may seem like you're hungry all the time, pregnancy actually only increases your calorie needs by  calories per day in the second and third trimesters.
Light snacks and drinks (both alcoholic and non-alcoholic) are sold in the snack bar on the ferry, but all that "on-the-water adventure" will probably leave you hungry.
Snakes have a tremendous sense of smell and will usually eat a dead mouse when they are hungry without intervention.
She's also the host of Project Runway, a reality show on the Bravo network that traces the journey of a group of hungry would-be fashion designers vying for a shot to display their lines at New York's prestigious Fashion Week festivities.
More than  million Americans will receive assistance, in some form, from this organization each year, including through services such as feeding the hungry, disaster victims and for shelters for the homeless.
Include a set of plastic vampire teeth to enhance the costume when you are feeling hungry and want a human snack.
Many websites are hungry for good writing and, though they may not pay much, they generally present articles in a professional-looking style that makes for a decent clip.
By , Lara had worked out some recipes and tested them with a panel of hungry family members and friends.
Color Me Hungry, with that lovable Cookie Monster, lets kids place various vegetables in their corresponding color space, which is a good way to teach colors.
If you're hungry for more knowledge as opposed to just movie trivia and quotes when you rent movies, this one is worth a look.
Hungry for gold, King Philip conspired with Church leaders and secretly ordered the abolishment of the Order of the Knights Templar on Friday, October , .
Domino's is a great place for hungry people on tight budgets, since this popular pizza chain offers a number of special promotions that require no coupon.
That way, you can stock up on your favorite coupons and have them available the next time you're on the go and hungry!
When you have hungry kitties to feed, finding free Iams cat food coupons makes a difference in the household budget.
These are good sites to visit when hungry for upcoming possibilities, some sites collate all their spoilers into one location and others just layer their spoilers into message board posts.
As the history of electronics development suggests, ordinary consumers are as hungry for miniature electronics equipment as the scientists who conceptualize the devices.
There's also the issue of Taiwan, which the U.S. has sworn to defend, and for which the Chinese government has a lean and hungry look.
Highly educated and hungry professionals in India, China and the Philippines often work twice as hard for less than a third of the going rate.
A key question to always ask yourself, whether trying to lose weight or not, is "Am I truly, physically hungry?"
I also watched what I ate and surprise, surprise -I learned to eat only if and when I was hungry.
There are no differences in the diet for men versus women or active versus sedentary people, which means active people might find themselves cheating or getting very hungry on the diet.
Additionally, the consumption of water throughout your day helps fill you up, keeps you hydrated and makes you forget about food unless you really are hungry.
The premise behind Trudeau's book is that if a person takes the recommended herbs and follows the instructions, excess weight will drop off without exercise and without going hungry.
Eating about every three hours-as well as eating the right kinds of foods-helps keep your blood sugar steady throughout the day, which also keeps you from feeling hungry and aids in losing weight.
Many women are ravenously hungry during this time and begin eating for two, rather than eating for one adult person and one small person.
No eating between meals - Instead of eating small amounts throughout the day, this diet encourages eating until you're stuffed at meals which means you won't be hungry between meals.
On the other hand, if you are always hungry, then all you have is willpower that will lasts for about  hours.
Many tend to eat when they are not hungry, planning meals according to the clock rather than according to the signs of hunger.
The result is suppose to be a boosted metabolism that is said to cause you to burn more calories than you take in without counting calories or feeling hungry.
A child-hood enemy lurks around the corner, hungry for the power offered by the legendary "Sorcerer's Stone", and Harry Potter and his new friends are not about to let evil triumph over good.
He ran his tongue over his pointed teeth and stood in the center of her living room, pensive and hungry.
Making his way to the first floor, Jackson noticed he was feeling weary from all this drama, and also a little hungry.
Lana found herself eating faster than she should have, hungry for real food after ten days of appetite suppressants and the dehydrated staples that she'd stuffed her bag full of.
The animals were hungry and they were the only things that stood a chance of taking her mind off Alex.
She forced her face to remain emotionless, her form still enough not to draw attention, like a wounded animal trying not to distract the hungry predators fighting over it.
The stranger spoke of a land where he was accepted and never hungry, where they'd build an army to kill his father.
She was beginning to think it was five years since she'd seen a naked man, judging by her body's hungry response to the sight of his exposed upper body.
Each kind of ant is so addicted to its own particular fungal food that it refuses disdainfully, even when hungry, the produce of an alien nest.
At home a Union for Social Service was formed in , the natural outcome of Thomas Jackson's efforts for the hungry and distressed in Clapton and Whitechapel, and of similar work at St George's Hall, Southwark.
In order to consolidate his possessions still further, now that French success seemed assured, the pope determined to deal drastically with Romagna, which although nominally under papal rule was divided up into a number of practically independent lordships on which Venice, Milan and Florance cast hungry eyes.
A city of Peloponnesus on the east coast of Laconia, distinguished by the epithet of Limera (either "The Well-havened" or " The Hungry ").
In the medieval Church there were seven "corporal" and seven "spiritual works of mercy" (opera misericordiae); these were (a) the giving of food to the hungry and drink to the thirsty, the clothing of the naked, the visitation of the sick and of prisoners, the receiving of strangers, and the burial of the dead; (b) the conversion of sinners, teaching of the ignorant, giving of counsel to the doubtful, forgiveness of injuries, patience under wrong, prayer for the living and for the dead.
Thus man's spirit, ever largely but potential, can respond actively to the historic Jesus, because already touched and made hungry by the all-actual Spirit-God who made that soul akin unto Himself.
For two months he evaded his pursuers, but at length, hungry and ill, he went in disguise to the village of Baronissi, where he was recognized and arrested, tried by an extraordinary tribunal, condemned to death and shot.
Those who are too hungry to wait shall eat at home; and not put to shame those who have no houses (and presumably not enough food either), by bringing their viands to church and selfishly eating them apart.
He found that a South African drongo (Dicrurus (Buchanga) assimilis) was rejected after one or two attempts to eat it by a hungry mongoose (Herpestes galera) which had been starved for purposes of the experiment.
He appears, however, as a general rule, only to kill when hungry or attacked, and not for the mere pleasure of killing, as with some other carnivorous animals.
The ground was difficult from heavy rains, the English troops were weary and hungry, but James had lost touch of Surrey and knew nothing of his movements till his troops appeared on his rear towards evening.
Jesus defended them by the example of David, who had eaten the shewbread, which only priests might eat, and had given it to his hungry men.
In the light of the coming kingdom it proclaims the blessedness of the poor, the hungry, the sad and the maligned; and the wofulness of the rich, the full, the merry and the popular.
With every change of ministry in Madrid came a new lot of hungry politicians anxious to fill even the more humble colonial offices.
The coffee and cotton plants are indigenous; of grasses there are various kinds of millet, including Paspalum exile, the so-called hungry rice or Sierra Leone millet.
They are described as hungry plants which well repay generous treatment, and will flourish in a rich, not too stiff loam, and for the first year or two should be well mulched.
The committee organized as the Red Cross Relief Corporation completed its work in , having spent for the relief of the hungry, fo-- the sick and injured, and for housing and rehabilitation of individuals and families, in round numbers $,,.
Boiled food of any kind is unnatural to a horse, and is risky to give, being liable to produce colic, especially if the animal bolts its food when hungry, although it generally produces a glossy coat.
The search continued for four and a half days, with the unrelenting tenacity of a hungry bull dog on a soup bone.
It was this compulsion that was like a drug weighing down her thoughts and making her hungry, like walking past a bakery first thing in the morning and trying not to look at what was in the window.
The blood bond between demons is to ensure one of them doesn't get too hungry and bleed the other dry.
Far from the romantic scene she had rehearsed in her mind, his hungry gaze sought hers in a naked quest.
Everything from his unshaven jaw to his crooked nose drew her hungry gaze, and she took him in, feeling as if she'd never truly seen him before.
It is strange, rising early, sleeping the hours I'd worked so long in the past, and listening to the deathly quiet instead of the rowdy noises of hungry men.
They talked through the night, the hosts educating the new vampires, and the guests hungry for stories of the couple's life; stories that would provide comfort during difficult times.
Toby had said before they left the Sanctuary.  Rhyn unscrewed the lid of the full bottle, recognizing the scent of Katie's blood at once.  It made his body roar to life, and he realized just how hungry he was.  He'd foregone food after her death, hoping to starve himself.
For a moment, she thought he was going to let her hang at the mercy of the hungry women waiting to get a piece of him.
These  songs find U hungry for honest expression and sonic experimentation, producing / engineering accolades going to Brian Eno and Daniel Lanois.
Please join us to celebrate the launch of Debbie Taylor's new novel, hungry ghosts, set on the Greek island of Crete.
Summer smog visible on the skyline over cities like Toronto and Los Angeles provides a perfect seasonal soapbox for headline hungry politicians.
Being often very hungry when he sat down to his meals, he contracted a habit of eating with ravenous greediness.
I reasoned that if I could show how poverty will end, then of course hunger would end as well—how many rich people do you hear about going hungry?
More than half the hungry people in the world live in just these three nations—nations that are all net food exporters.
Even at the retail price, we could feed all the world's hungry for a billion dollars a day or $ billion a year.
Weigh that against the certainty that nearly a billion people are hungry right now and I don't know why we would decline to acquire this knowledge.
In the United States, de Tocqueville's voluntary associations still do the job and anyone willing to make her way to a church or food pantry and say she is hungry will not leave empty handed.
I read my first connected story in May, , when I was seven years old, and from that day to this I have devoured everything in the shape of a printed page that has come within the reach of my hungry finger tips.
Prince Andrew took a horse and a Cossack from a Cossack commander, and hungry and weary, making his way past the baggage wagons, rode in search of the commander-in-chief and of his own luggage.
Marching thirty miles that stormy night across roadless hills, with his hungry, ill-shod soldiers, and losing a third of his men as stragglers by the way, Bagration came out on the Vienna-Znaim road at Hollabrunn a few hours ahead of the French who were approaching Hollabrunn from Vienna.
Despite their pale swollen faces and tattered uniforms, the hussars formed line for roll call, kept things in order, groomed their horses, polished their arms, brought in straw from the thatched roofs in place of fodder, and sat down to dine round the caldrons from which they rose up hungry, joking about their nasty food and their hunger.
They were half clad, hungry, too weak to get away on foot and had no means of obtaining a conveyance.
They understood that the saddles and Junot's spoon might be of some use, but that cold and hungry soldiers should have to stand and guard equally cold and hungry Russians who froze and lagged behind on the road (in which case the order was to shoot them) was not merely incomprehensible but revolting.
Who has not asked himself how it is that the French were not all captured or destroyed when our three armies surrounded them in superior numbers, when the disordered French, hungry and freezing, surrendered in crowds, and when (as the historians relate) the aim of the Russians was to stop the French, to cut them off, and capture them all?
It was impossible to take bread and clothes from our hungry and indispensable soldiers to give to the French who, though not harmful, or hated, or guilty, were simply unnecessary.
I 've got to go get some food, I would n't be hungry except the rabid right wing press made me hungry.
She is resolute in the pursuits of her goals and is hungry for other opportunities that will take her career to new heights.
Left unattended, a german guest who was hungry during the night came down and scoffed a load of the cake !
The self-produced album turned up some of Paul Roberts best songs, including their last stab at the charts, " Hungry Eyes ".
From rocking her to sleep to knowing when she is hungry, you'll learn the differences in your baby's cries, and you'll learn how to respond to her needs.
Cats usually pick at their food throughout the day, so you shouldn't be worried about them going hungry when you leave for work.
So if you never got one when exiting the twelfth grade and find yourself hungry for one  years later, have no fear!
Sometime during the day, you'll probably get hungry and there are several fast food and restaurant options for you including Burger King, Cajun Grill, El Pollo Loco, Panda Express, Sbarro, Subway and more.
If possible they should be allowed to free-feed, meaning that they have food available at all times, so they can eat whenever they get hungry.
At the time, I was hungry for more opportunity, but with a mentor who would give me the responsibility and resources to excel, like Donald Trump.
Additionally, these meals offer very little nutrition as they're mainly composed of sugars and carbohydrates; leaving patrons to feel hungry and wanting eat more later in the day.
As an example, if you eat cold cereal for breakfast and feel your blood sugar spike as a result, you'll be hungry sooner.
This is the best way to ensure your metabolism stays on track and you don't become so hungry that you are tempted to binge.
Because of the low calorie consumption, dieters may find themselves extremely hungry or tired, and it may interfere with normal daily activities.
In French this would mean something like, I am hunger because in the French language one has hunger rather than is hungry.
Their subsequent videos, like Rio and Hungry Like the Wolf, were big-budget, slick affairs that played to the s' fascination with prestige and wealth perfectly.
She found new challenges in the face of Angel's resurrection, an unstable Slayer named Faith (Eliza Dushku), a power hungry Mayor Wilkins and a new Watcher after Giles was fired.
Babies and children are often taken and left in their place is a screeching hungry creature bewitched to look like the one who has gone missing.
The establishment is divided into two floors, with the basement serving as the tavern and the upstairs working to supply hungry travelers with a meal.
Since the restaurant is located at a beach resort, it is a good choice for hungry people who have just finished exploring the beach.
Jane, our GPS, as Betsy named her, didn't let us down and we found our friend's cabin at the end of a dusty road, hungry for dinner after a six hour drive.
And recognize we have a life, even if it's only by necessity; the bills keep coming and I get hungry once in a while.
Betsy loved reveled in it and it fulfilled my needs; the wine did the trick and, I was hungry and the food tasted good.
His next kiss was consuming, hungry yet sweet, teasing her with a hint of promise and driving her body to new heights of awareness.
The strangers took their seats at the table willingly enough, for they were all hungry and the platters were now heaped with good things to eat.
And this is the Hungry Tiger, the terror of the jungle, who longs to devour fat babies but is prevented by his conscience from doing so.
The chariot was drawn on this occasion by the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger, who were decorated with immense pink and blue bows.
After that, whenever the children were hungry, they cried out, "Becos! becos! becos!" till the shepherd gave them something to eat.
After awhile they came to a great forest and, being tired and hungry, they thought they would rest a little and look for nuts before continuing their journey.
The man who independently plucked the fruits when he was hungry is become a farmer; and he who stood under a tree for shelter, a housekeeper.
I sat at a table where were rich food and wine in abundance, and obsequious attendance, but sincerity and truth were not; and I went away hungry from the inhospitable board.
The whole army--French, Italian, German, Polish, and Dutch--hungry, ragged, and weary of the campaign, felt at the sight of an army blocking their road to Moscow that the wine was drawn and must be drunk.
Though tattered, hungry, worn out, and reduced to a third of their original number, the French entered Moscow in good marching order.
As a hungry herd of cattle keeps well together when crossing a barren field, but gets out of hand and at once disperses uncontrollably as soon as it reaches rich pastures, so did the army disperse all over the wealthy city.
A sinking man who clutches at another and drowns him; or a hungry mother exhausted by feeding her baby, who steals some food; or a man trained to discipline who on duty at the word of command kills a defenseless man-- seem less guilty, that is, less free and more subject to the law of necessity, to one who knows the circumstances in which these people were placed, and more free to one who does not know that the man was himself drowning, that the mother was hungry, that the soldier was in the ranks, and so on.
The city has a diverse array of restaurants allowing hungry hikers to recharge after a long day on the trails.
