
Be this as it may, I know that I can feel the heart-throbs of the ancient Greeks in their marble gods and goddesses.
But now, at the commencement of the campaign, I should feel dishonored, not only in my comrades' eyes but in my own, if I preferred my own happiness to my love and duty to the Fatherland.
On reading that letter (she always read her husband's letters) Natasha herself suggested that he should go to Petersburg, though she would feel his absence very acutely.
One could see that he wished to pass through the rooms as quickly as possible, finish with the bows and greetings, and sit down to business in front of a map, where he would feel at home.
But however small the units it takes, we feel that to take any unit disconnected from others, or to assume a beginning of any phenomenon, or to say that the will of many men is expressed by the actions of any one historic personage, is in itself false.
The idea of making love in a strange bedroom was disturbing enough, but with only a door between them and the children, locked or not, it didn't feel right.
How would you feel if I was fighting with my brother and wouldn't tell you what we were fighting about?
Few know what joy it is to feel the roses pressing softly into the hand, or the beautiful motion of the lilies as they sway in the morning breeze.
The other day I broke my doll's head off; but that was not a dreadful accident, because dolls do not live and feel, like people.
If we are really dying, let us hear the rattle in our throats and feel cold in the extremities; if we are alive, let us go about our business.
And Natasha, embracing her, began kissing her face and hands, making Princess Mary feel shy but happy by this demonstration of her feelings.
I think this is the loveliest country in the world; but not being fairies Jim and I feel we ought to be where we belong--and that's at the ranch.
She could understand nothing, think of nothing and feel nothing, except passionate love for her father, love such as she thought she had never felt till that moment.
It really seemed that Sonya did not feel her position trying, and had grown quite reconciled to her lot as a sterile flower.
I don't mean to make her feel unwelcome, but it was her own carelessness that got her into this situation.
It was great fun to plunge my hand into the bowl and feel the tadpoles frisk about, and to let them slip and slide between my fingers.
I feel that her being is inseparable from my own, and that the footsteps of my life are in hers.
If you knew all the joy I feel in being able to speak to you to-day, I think you would have some idea of the value of speech to the deaf, and you would understand why I want every little deaf child in all this great world to have an opportunity to learn to speak.
I feel as if I were nearer to the vitals of the globe, for this sandy overflow is something such a foliaceous mass as the vitals of the animal body.
Pierre was one of those who are only strong when they feel themselves quite innocent, and since that day when he was overpowered by a feeling of desire while stooping over the snuffbox at Anna Pavlovna's, an unacknowledged sense of the guilt of that desire paralyzed his will.
She could not eat or sleep, grew visibly thinner, coughed, and, as the doctors made them feel, was in danger.
Only at prayer did she feel able to think clearly and calmly of Prince Andrew and Anatole, as men for whom her feelings were as nothing compared with her awe and devotion to God.
From this you will see that you have a perfect right to reassure the inhabitants of Smolensk, for those defended by two such brave armies may feel assured of victory.
This idea horrified her, made her shudder, blush, and feel such a rush of anger and pride as she had never experienced before.
And it is all so simple, pale, and crude in the cold white light of this morning which I feel is dawning for me.
The beautiful Armenian still sat motionless and in the same attitude, with her long lashes drooping as if she did not see or feel what the soldier was doing to her.
Natasha was gazing at her, but seemed afraid and in doubt whether to say all she knew or not; she seemed to feel that before those luminous eyes which penetrated into the very depths of her heart, it was impossible not to tell the whole truth which she saw.
Following Señor Medena up the stairs, she ran her hand along the smooth wood, enjoying the cool silky soft feel of it.
Men frequently say to me, "I should think you would feel lonesome down there, and want to be nearer to folks, rainy and snowy days and nights especially."
At nighttime in the moon's fair glow How sweet, as fancies wander free, To feel that in this world there's one Who still is thinking but of thee!
But much as all the rest laughed, talked, and joked, much as they enjoyed their Rhine wine, saute, and ices, and however they avoided looking at the young couple, and heedless and unobservant as they seemed of them, one could feel by the occasional glances they gave that the story about Sergey Kuzmich, the laughter, and the food were all a pretense, and that the whole attention of that company was directed to-- Pierre and Helene.
Vera's remark was correct, as her remarks always were, but, like most of her observations, it made everyone feel uncomfortable, not only Sonya, Nicholas, and Natasha, but even the old countess, who--dreading this love affair which might hinder Nicholas from making a brilliant match-- blushed like a girl.
The dinner, both the Lenten and the other fare, was splendid, yet he could not feel quite at ease till the end of the meal.
As generally happens, Pierre did not feel the full effects of the physical privation and strain he had suffered as prisoner until after they were over.
It makes me feel small when you keep things from me - like you don't trust me, or you think I'm not mature enough to handle it.
She met his regard with equal composer, in spite of the fact that the conversation was beginning to make her feel extremely uncomfortable.
I feel we have set the bar way too low and in doing so have fundamentally cheapened life, everyone's life.
She made raised maps in clay, so that I could feel the mountain ridges and valleys, and follow with my fingers the devious course of rivers.
I was pleased with anything that made a noise and liked to feel the cat purr and the dog bark.
He remembered a general impression of the misfortunes and sufferings of people and of being worried by the curiosity of officers and generals who questioned him, he also remembered his difficulty in procuring a conveyance and horses, and above all he remembered his incapacity to think and feel all that time.
Surely she must feel bitter about that fact, and yet neither her voice nor her expression gave any indication that she felt animosity.
Now, instead of just intellectually engaging with the news, we feel the government brutality, we experience the war, we are electrified by the demonstrations, and we are horrified at the suffering.
Even in the days before my teacher came, I used to feel along the square stiff boxwood hedges, and, guided by the sense of smell would find the first violets and lilies.
One day spent with the blind children made me feel thoroughly at home in my new environment, and I looked eagerly from one pleasant experience to another as the days flew swiftly by.
I could also feel the stamping of the horses, which they had ridden out from town and hitched under the trees, where they stood all night, neighing loudly, impatient to be off.
There one does not meet the great and the wise face to face; one does not even feel their living touch.
I used to think, when I read in my books about your great city, that when I visited it the people would be strangers to me, but now I feel differently.
Every day I find how little I know, but I do not feel discouraged since God has given me an eternity in which to learn more.
Teacher seems to feel benefitted by the change too; for she is already beginning to look like her dear old self.
Even I, a poor secretary of the Russian Embassy, do not feel any need in token of my joy to give my Franz a thaler, or let him go with his Liebchen to the Prater...
The younger sisters also became affectionate to him, especially the youngest, the pretty one with the mole, who often made him feel confused by her smiles and her own confusion when meeting him.
She melted into his arms, eagerly returning his warm kisses and welcoming the feel of his fingers as they searched for the zipper on the back of her dress.
Humans should not feel threatened in any way by this, and yet it still makes some people defensive and uncomfortable.
After I had recovered from my first experience in the water, I thought it great fun to sit on a big rock in my bathing-suit and feel wave after wave dash against the rock, sending up a shower of spray which quite covered me.
I used to sit in my mother's lap all day long and keep my hands on her face because it amused me to feel the motions of her lips; and I moved my lips, too, although I had forgotten what talking was.
I took the book in my hands and tried to feel the letters with an intensity of longing that I can never forget.
Anger seized me, my fingers refused to move, I sat rigid for one long moment, the blood throbbing in my temples, and all the hatred that a child can feel concentrated in my heart.
I feel in Diana's posture the grace and freedom of the forest and the spirit that tames the mountain lion and subdues the fiercest passions.
Bishop Brooks taught me no special creed or dogma; but he impressed upon my mind two great ideas--the fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of man, and made me feel that these truths underlie all creeds and forms of worship.
When I find my work particularly difficult and discouraging, she writes me letters that make me feel glad and brave; for she is one of those from whom we learn that one painful duty fulfilled makes the next plainer and easier.
It made me feel very sad to leave Boston and I missed all of my friends greatly, but of course I was glad to get back to my lovely home once more.
And I would keep my little hand on her face all the while, because it amused me to feel her face and lips move when she talked with people.
Everybody will feel an interest in dear little Helen; everybody will want to do something for her; and, if she becomes an ancient, gray-haired woman, she is still sure of being thoughtfully cared for.
It is very beautiful to think that people far away in England feel sorry for a little helpless child in America.
We guide the pencil with the right hand, and feel carefully with the forefinger of the left hand to see that we shape and space the letters correctly.
I would like to feel a parrot talk, it would be so much fun! but I would be pleased with, and love any little creature you send me.
A lady seemed surprised that I loved flowers when I could not see their beautiful colors, and when I assured her I did love them, she said, "no doubt you feel the colors with your fingers."
The hotel was so near the river that I could feel it rushing past by putting my hand on the window.
His beautiful word-pictures made us feel as if we were sitting in the shadow of San Marco, dreaming, or sailing upon the moonlit canal....
As I sit by the window writing to you, it is so lovely to have the soft, cool breezes fan my cheek and to feel that the hard work of last year is over!
I think Mr. Keith is a wonderful teacher, and I feel very grateful to him for having made me see the beauty of Mathematics.
Sometimes she puts her hand on a singer's throat to feel the muscular thrill and contraction, and from this she gets genuine pleasure.
Large statues, of which she can feel the sweep of line with her whole hand, she knows in their higher esthetic value.
The deaf person with sight looks at the fingers of his companion, but it is also possible to feel them.
It should be said that any double-case watch with the crystal removed serves well enough for a blind person whose touch is sufficiently delicate to feel the position of the hands and not disturb or injure them.
I made the first row of vertical lines and let her feel it and notice that there were several rows of little holes.
I shook my head and took them all off and made her feel of the two wooden beads and the one glass bead.
Indeed, I feel as if I had never seen anything until now, Helen finds so much to ask about along the way.
One of the leopards licked her hands, and the man in charge of the giraffes lifted her up in his arms so that she could feel their ears and see how tall they were.
She likes stories that make her cry--I think we all do, it's so nice to feel sad when you've nothing particular to be sad about.
It would, I think, be hard to make her feel just how to pronounce DICTIONARY without her erring either toward DICTIONAYRY or DICTION'RY, and, of course the word is neither one nor the other.
She liked to feel the cat purr; and if by chance she felt a dog in the act of barking, she showed great pleasure.
It seems very strange to me that there should be this difference of opinion; I cannot understand how any one interested in our education can fail to appreciate the satisfaction we feel in being able to express our thoughts in living words.
I rarely have dreams that are not in keeping with what I really think and feel, but one night my very nature seemed to change, and I stood in the eye of the world a mighty man and a terrible.
I rode a fiery hunter--I can feel the impatient toss of his head now and the quiver that ran through him at the first roar of the cannon.
Some have asked what I got to eat; if I did not feel lonesome; if I was not afraid; and the like.
Though the view from my door was still more contracted, I did not feel crowded or confined in the least.
It was worth the while, if only to feel the wind blow on your cheek freely, and see the waves run, and remember the life of mariners.
Most men would feel shame if caught preparing with their own hands precisely such a dinner, whether of animal or vegetable food, as is every day prepared for them by others.
Pierre began to feel a sense of uneasiness, and the need, even the inevitability, of entering into conversation with this stranger.
Partly because of the depressing memories associated with Bald Hills, partly because Prince Andrew did not always feel equal to bearing with his father's peculiarities, and partly because he needed solitude, Prince Andrew made use of Bogucharovo, began building and spent most of his time there.
The latter began to feel that it was in bad taste to speak of his enthusiasms, dreams, and hopes of happiness or goodness, in Prince Andrew's presence.
I feel that I cannot vanish, since nothing vanishes in this world, but that I shall always exist and always have existed.
Only after emptying a bottle or two did he feel dimly that the terribly tangled skein of life which previously had terrified him was not as dreadful as he had thought.
She did not know how it was that within five minutes she had come to feel herself terribly near to this man.
I had heard that it happens like this, and you must have heard it too, but it's only now that I feel such love.
And she burst into sobs with the despairing vehemence with which people bewail disasters they feel they have themselves occasioned.
During his stay at Bald Hills all the family dined together, but they were ill at ease and Prince Andrew felt that he was a visitor for whose sake an exception was being made and that his presence made them all feel awkward.
He was still a senior in high school, but how would Mom feel if he lived in a house with three women?
Under other circumstances, she might have enjoyed having the upper hand, but right now she didn't feel much like playing games.
She wanted to hate Bordeaux for what he had done, but like a shameless hussy, she still longed to hear his voice - feel his touch.
It's inevitable that two people living in the same house are going to be at odds sometimes, but from now on I'll never feel completely safe.
Because he doesn't want to get married and I'm not going to force him into it by making him feel guilty.
I want to go to a place where I can settle with my family and feel we truly belong to the community.
I feel terrible I slipped up and they traced the phone call but it's not the end of the world.
I feel more like a ship's sailor in a storm, with shredded sails with someone handing me a needle and thread.
It's a relief the monster wasn't responsible for Vermont but I'd feel much better if I knew he didn't break into Julie's place.
Howie, I really feel for you but you've had this problem of not knowing about your past for a long time and you've managed to live with it.
While I had no direct evidence the attendees were all registered sex offenders, the way they nodded and agreed at the mention of deviant sexual behavior made me feel I might be unique among like penitents.
He's a nice young man and I feel would make a far less labor intensive mate than Howie would have proved to be.
Bianca held her breath and waited, able to feel the tension between them even with her eyes closed until he spoke again.
Now, he could deliver what he'd always promised-- a life together-- yet she didn't feel like leaping for joy like she would've a year ago.
Sofi would chew him out if he gave Bianca to her like she was, and he himself couldn't help but feel somewhat concerned that she'd gone unresponsive.
Healing his scars made her feel a familiar sense of exhaustion, and she retreated to the couch in front of the TV, content to doze and recover.
It had something to do with the beautiful woman before him who made him feel for the first time in years.
There was something very different about this woman, and it was more than the feel of her energy flowing through him.
He recalled how soothing her hug had been earlier and itched to feel her soft, warm body in his arms again.
He had a feeling the worst was going to happen, and the sense he wouldn't be the only one who died this weekend if he had to depend on Darian made him feel sick to his stomach.
She rose and approached, resting back on her heels in front of him, close enough for him to smell her musk and feel her heat.
She brushed one of the frozen women trapped in time on the sidewalk, surprised to feel her warm skin and the brush of the wool suit.
With nothing but her troubled thoughts, the cold rain, and a lonely room in the bed and breakfast down the road, she didn't feel like leaving just yet.
It only seemed natural for them to sit next to each other, and what would feel more natural would probably scare her off.
She looked down, both thrilled by the idea of an eternity with the man who made her feel whole and horrified at what her father told her.
He'd never been mistaken for a gentleman, but the woman shimmered with a sweet, pure aura that made him feel obliged to behave.
Damian felt the unusual urge to look in on her again, to feel her soft skin against him once more and make sure she was safe.
He began to understand why and couldn't help but feel frustrated at having to find a way to win her instead of command her.
Dusty's words floored him, and Damian couldn't help but feel hurt that his best friend hadn't told him of his suspicions sooner.
Linda flashed her a strained smile that made her feel welcome for the first time in a week before the pretty brunette gave the blond man, Lon, a hug and kiss.
Despite the cool fear spiraling through her, she couldn't help but feel thrilled at the sight of him after she thought she'd lost him.
What would it be like to run her hands over Darkyn's lean frame the way she had Gabriel's, to feel his sharp teeth nip the delicate skin of her inner thighs and breasts?
Her face warmed at how desperate she'd been for a single drop of him, to feel him inside her while his fangs sank into her neck.
He laughs at me for being unwilling to hurt anyone else, but he says no one should feel shame about who they are.
With an outstretched hand she touched the wall and managed to feel her way around the corner until she could see the weak glow of the near-extinguished light far ahead.
Look, I feel like a fool asking embarrassing questions, especially to someone as kind as you've been, but my wife and I promised a little girl we'd follow up on this.
This thought, of what the demon lord might do to the poor girl who had suffered enough, was what made Wynn feel guiltiest.
Chiseled to perfection, covered in olive-hued skin, with a low brow, piercing gaze and strong jaw …His nearness made her feel hot.
Their history made him want to touch her, to feel the softness of her skin before waking her to gaze into the huge blue-green eyes that were able to stop him in his tracks.
The Oracle had given him nothing, and he didn't feel able to sit still and drink tea with Daniela, the headmistress of the order of nuns who managed this Sanctuary.
While she looked healthy, she bore blood on her neck that made him feel ill at the thought that Darkyn was bleeding her dry.
He called a portal and left, needing to escape then realizing the emotions he didn't want to feel went with him.
Do you have any idea how good it makes a man feel to have a beautiful woman look at him that way?
He always knew what to say to make people feel better – only now he couldn't talk, and even if he could, he might not be capable of the flowery words.
I don't know, but it seems to me that his ability to perform may be something that makes him feel like himself.
If he would only put an arm around her when they slept, like he used to, she might feel better.
Leave it to a man to avoid expressing how he felt, but it had to make him feel less of a man.
