
Sentences
If I had an even faster computer than I have today, I could come up with really interesting questions to ask it.
If I should attempt to tell how I have desired to spend my life in years past, it would probably surprise those of my readers who are somewhat acquainted with its actual history; it would certainly astonish those who know nothing about it.
The greater part of what my neighbors call good I believe in my soul to be bad, and if I repent of anything, it is very likely to be my good behavior.
It was very difficult to walk over, the ties were wide apart and so narrow that one felt as if one were walking on knives.
Prince Andrew shook himself as if waking up, and his face assumed the look it had had in Anna Pavlovna's drawing room.
As for reaching the top of the earth, I have never heard that it is possible to do that, and if you succeeded in getting there you would probably fall off.
She went quickly over uninteresting details, and never nagged me with questions to see if I remembered the day-before-yesterday's lesson.
As they had no wings the strangers could not fly away, and if they jumped down from such a height they would surely be killed.
The main point, however, was that they flew, and flew swiftly, if a bit unevenly, toward the rock for which they had headed.
It is a sad story, but if you will try to restrain your tears I will tell you about it.
If you can prove I'm guilty, I'll be willing to die nine times, but a mind's eye is no proof, because the Woggle-Bug has no mind to see with.
If he reports that our losses were great, it is not true; perhaps about four thousand, not more, and not even that; but even were they ten thousand, that's war!
Of course, if you prefer, we can wait until you come home from work and make it a fun family event.
But don't try to make out I'm too innocent to eat a fat piglet if I could do it and not be found out.
He won't need to destroy ME, for if I don't get something to eat pretty soon I shall starve to death, and so save him the trouble.
Its delicate blossoms shrank from the slightest earthly touch; it seemed as if a tree of paradise had been transplanted to earth.
Whenever anything delighted or interested me she talked it over with me just as if she were a little girl herself.
She paused as if she felt it indecorous to speak of her pregnancy before Pierre, though the gist of the matter lay in that.
If I wanted someone to organize my life, I would have stayed back in Muskogee with my parents instead of moving here.
If you throw one more dead animal at my feet, I'm going to beat you over the head with it.
Tell them it would be foolish for me to eat the piglet, because I had sense enough to know it would raise a row if I did.
If she was invited, it was as a guest of Alex, so he would tell her when and if he decided to go.
Alex wouldn't lie, but if he was given enough time to think about it, he could certainly evade the issue.
If I didn't want to do what he said I'd tell him so - and he would listen to my reasons.
If he had simply ignored her, she might have been able to get her emotions under control, but now a sob threatened so convincingly that she was afraid to breathe.
For the most part, the facial expressions of those sitting around the table were sympathetic, but Dulce looked as if she was ready to break into tears.
If you don't remember where you buried the bone, it isn't going to be much help when you get hungry later.
Still, if Señor Medena adopted Dulce when she was a baby and raised her, then he was her father - blood relative or not.
If Katie hadn't disclosed that incident to her before she met Alex, would he have revealed that facet of his past?
Right now she'd like to kiss those smooth lips - and she might if she didn't know where they'd been last.
I was thinking about buying a new vehicle and wondered if we had the money, so I looked at his financial information on the computer.
I'm not all that secretive, but you were the one who kept telling me that if he wanted you to know, he'd tell you.
I always wondered if that was why Mom and Dad split up for a while - because Mom was used to a different lifestyle and social circle.
The line was silent for so long that she checked her phone to see if the call had been dropped.
He said Destiny's fever had broken and if she continued to improve, they would take the tent off her bed in a few days.
Señor Medena would take care of him and see that he got to the hospital if he needed to go.
She greeted them with a big smile, hugging each of them as if they were old friends she hadn't seen in a decade.
As if Matthew thought the encouragement was intended for him, he latched onto her breast, creating a suction that sent tiny bubbles down the feeding tube.
Maybe he wondered - maybe he knew - if his father had ever held him as he held his offspring right now.
If she had stayed with her husband and they had more children, would he have felt financially responsible for the others as well?
It would have been humiliating if anyone had noticed, but no one seemed to pay much attention – probably because so many others were also drinking.
Connie packed and left that evening after work, still expressing her concern and insisting that Lisa call her if she wanted to talk.
If you weren't concerned about your own life, you might have thought about your chances of taking someone else with you.
Her knees were trembling as if they were going to give way at any moment, and her face felt devoid of blood.
At least he hadn't lied about the house... if it was actually his, and if the mother and daughter existed.
Even so, it was as if a something had been lifted from her chest, allowing the flow of oxygen and blood to a starving brain.
I hate to ask you for another favor, but I wonder if I could pay you to drive me home.
Connie immediately assured her that the Giddon's wouldn't be shelling out the money if they didn't think she was earning it.
Giddon paid no attention to the three at the pool, patting Diablo's nose and talking softly to him as if no one was around.
If one wagon got stuck, the rest would have to stop while one of the other teams was unhitched and added to pull the wagon out.
Your father asked me to look for you while I was out this way, and bring you home if I could.
On the other hand, if you abandoned the wagons and rode the mules, you might be able to keep ahead of the Indians.
I like the idea of burying the supplies, but I don't think the Indians would be fooled if we buried everything – even if we could.
If something happens to the rest of us, I want you to ride as fast as you can to Ashley.
As if in answer to her question, he dug a tin from his shirt pocket and handed it to her.
If the Indians were renegades, surely they wouldn't want to take the time to track only two people - not with the cavalry on their trail.
As much as she would like to have offered to walk while he rode, she knew they would cover ground faster if she rode and he walked.
At least he was honorable, but if the look on his face was any indication, he was regretting that offer.
Of course, it would be more profitable for the ranch if I culled those animals by taking them to the slaughter house.
So far, deer and rabbits are easier for a few wolves to pull down than a healthy cow, but if the pack gets too big they may go after cattle.
Mary studied her reflectively and finally spoke in a hushed tone, as if she didn't actually want to know the answer to her question.
You know, this house wouldn't be as cold if there were some curtains on the window and some rugs on the floor.
If you use the right colors, and brighten the walls with a few large pictures, or some mirrors, it wouldn't be so dark.
If there was anything going on in this house, it's not like your rooming upstairs would make it look any different.
There's nothing sensitive about Claudette, but if you want to move into that room upstairs with the balcony, go ahead.
It would be nice to know she could leave the ranch at will without leaving Cade afoot, but she doubted if she would be driving to town soon.
If you knew Mr. Cade nearly as well as you think you do, you would know that he is actually very sensitive.
Then I wondered if you were putting on a show for her to prove nothing was going on between us.
And Cade had become more solemn in the last few weeks, as if he sensed her dilemma and felt uncomfortable as well.
He rode as if he were part of the horse, his lean body swaying with the stride of the graceful animal.
After all, if she hadn't turned her head when he kissed her on the cheek, maybe things wouldn't have turned out the same way.
After that I got to thinking how nice it would be if I had someone to cook me a meal every day.
I've pondered the events of those few months so often and so deeply I know if I don't at least commit the experience to paper I'll never move forward.
I'm sorry if the lab caused problems, but no one has to sleep there again, at least with Quinn's gizmos operating.
Granted, that's a step in the right direction but we still wouldn't know if the scene Howie saw actually occurred.
We don't know if the cause is the power sources, some or more of the plants or the room itself.
If Howie drops into ten or twenty minutes of anyone's life, chance are all he sees is them picking their nose, reading a book or working.
The conversation slipped back to our New York life with our sojourn in New Hampshire relegated to a fun, if bizarre weekend with friends.
Once on our stools and served, I asked him his plans if he did in fact recognize the town of his dream.
As if on cue, an old car with more rust than clear metal chugged to a stop at the dollar store.
It's like a gift I've been given and I'm supposed to do something with it and if I don't, I'm...
My acquiescence lightened the mood for the remainder of the trip as Betsy and Howie chatted as if future sessions were a faite accompli.
Quinn will think were requesting something like a séance or spiritual encounter but if we don't humor Howie, he'll be devastated.
I do remember some theories concerning relativity suggesting some sort of motion in space might allow time travel if space-time geometrics are possible.
That theorizes if you travel in time and kill your grandfather before your father is conceived, would you simply not be?
When I rose and asked if we were ready to begin another session, he was eager to join us on our trek to the basement.
Instead we speculated on what we'd personally do if we had this gift or curse and it proved to be a true trip to the past.
Betsy screamed, It's like if The Lord Jesus was standing here, writing a mother's day card to the Virgin Mary, you'd be sitting around on your asses discussing if it was really the month of May!
And recognize we have a life, even if it's only by necessity; the bills keep coming and I get hungry once in a while.
We would restrict our altruistic activity to weekends and possibly an evening or two a week by phone, if it worked.
I don't know how you're doing what you do but I got a strong feeling if I keep an open mind, good things will happen.
If we can show them it's in their best interests to work with us and let us keep our privacy we're far better off.
If he can get us better and timelier information and direct us to the best place to call in our tips, we're miles ahead.
You won't know if the source is male or female, old or young, from the east or west or how long the tips will keep coming.
If we could convince him to give you free rein to helping us with him remaining totally in the dark, we'd both have what we want.
I'd be lying if I didn't admit we have expenses and we're limited in what we can do because of real life restraints, but we're not in this for a golden purse.
I thought he would jump at a chance to devote more time to experimentation even if it wasn't as broad as he wished.
I have no idea how they do it but if my money helps to save lives; it is being put to good use.
If I flushed hundred dollar bills down the toilet, the city of Cleveland would run out of water before I went broke.
This is the definition of my Shangri-La; the town should have a good hospital where my child will enter this world and, if Martha want's to, she can work enough hours to utilize her skills.
We stumbled into an incredible gift that was bestowed on Howie and we couldn't live with ourselves or look at one another if we didn't embrace everything in our power to maximize its benefits.
To ask Brennan directly might lead to us so I made up a story we were checking old cases to see if someone released from prison might have returned to this type of crime.
If the police investigated in an orderly way and took their time the victim would most likely be harmed or killed.
Well, if you do exist, Mister or Missus Psychic, I'll find you first and smash you and your crystal to bloody dust!
Other members of the defense bar would surely look closely if their clients were apprehended because of unverifiable tips and assail the source, if they could locate it.
If we thought Howie was upset over the Youngblood matter, it was arsenic versus ice cream compared to how enraged he was over a challenge to his ability.
I think it's worth publicizing it, especially if the license plate turns out to be stolen and we have nothing.
