
We'd have to pay seven rubles a cartload to Dorogobuzh and I tell them they're not Christians to ask it!
Howie doesn't want you to simply telephone Willard Humphries; he wants you to go down there and look him in the eye when you ask him.
When she referred to our conversation again, it was to ask, "Why did not Jesus go away, so that His enemies could not find Him?"
Berg took the opportunity to ask, with great politeness, whether, as was rumored, the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled.
I only wanted to ask because I fear the Guards won't be in action, he added as if in apology.
If I were not myself, but the handsomest, cleverest, and best man in the world, and were free, I would this moment ask on my knees for your hand and your love!
Pierre was about to ask, but seeing the stern expression of the adjutant who was also looking that way, he checked himself.
The count was not angry even when they told him that Natasha had countermanded an order of his, and the servants now came to her to ask whether a cart was sufficiently loaded, and whether it might be corded up.
I hate to ask you for another favor, but I wonder if I could pay you to drive me home.
Yes and I can go back to asking questions I haven't been able to ask and I have sources to get answers.
I just ask one thing; will you take my word for one item and if you stop this vehicle you'll have more reward than you'll know what to do with.
She wanted to ask more about them and what happened after Death claimed someone, but it was a lot to deal with.
Jackson had hoped to make plans with Elisabeth, but he couldn't very well ask her over and say, "Don't mind the steel shutters on all the windows."
And then when you said you didn't want to adopt children, I thought I didn't have a right to ask you.
If you ask me, those Norfolk guys would be better off checking the airports than the bottom of the bay.
It is said that at least Bernardo del Nero would have been spared had Savonarola raised his voice, but, although refraining from any active part against the prisoners, the prior would not ask mercy for them.
Berkeley thus diverted philosophy from its beaten track of discussion as to the meaning of matter, substance, cause, and preferred to ask first whether these have any significance apart from the conscious spirit.
Before we deduce results from such abstract ideas as cause, substance, matter, we must ask what in reality do these mean - what is the actual content of consciousness which corresponds to these words?
In  he was in hiding near Ceuta, and thence he sent an agent over to Spain to ask for the support of other clients of the family, descendants of the conquerors of Spain, who were numerous in the province of Elvira, the modern Granada.
Then, selecting some of the later and less virile scholastics as victims, they ask how men could be seriously interested in their trivialities.
Ask people in what way they hope the world will become better and you will certainly get replies about reducing poverty, disease, and hunger.
If you do come, you will want to ask the kind people of Boston to help brighten Tommy's whole life.
I will ask Dr. Hale to lend me the letter, so that I can make a copy of it for you.
Indeed, I feel as if I had never seen anything until now, Helen finds so much to ask about along the way.
New experiences and events call forth new ideas and stir men to ask questions unthought of before, and seek a definite answer in the depths of human knowledge.
I ask an opportunity to atone for my fault and prove my devotion to His Majesty the Emperor and to Russia!
Ask Denisov whether it is not out of the question for a cadet to demand satisfaction of his regimental commander?
Boris inquired what news there might be on the staff, and what, without indiscretion, one might ask about our plans.
He would say a lot of pleasant things, ask you to dinner" ("That would not be bad as regards the unwritten code," thought Boris), "but nothing more would come of it.
Prince Andrew, who was a little behind looking at them, turned to an adjutant to ask him for a field glass.
They hardly gave one another time to ask questions and give replies concerning a thousand little matters which could not interest anyone but themselves.
But just at moments when such thoughts occurred to him, he would ask in a particularly calm and absent-minded way, which inspired the respect of the onlookers, Will it be long?
She did not venture to ask any questions, and shut the door again, now sitting down in her easy chair, now taking her prayer book, now kneeling before the icon stand.
The old prince, stepping on his heels, paced up and down his study and sent Tikhon to ask Mary Bogdanovna what news.--"Say only that 'the prince told me to ask,' and come and tell me her answer."
To say "tomorrow" and keep up a dignified tone was not difficult, but to go home alone, see his sisters, brother, mother, and father, confess and ask for money he had no right to after giving his word of honor, was terrible.
Look then at thy inner self with the eyes of the spirit, and ask thyself whether thou art content with thyself.
He did not ask about the regiment, nor about the general state of affairs, and when Rostov spoke of these matters did not listen.
Just the same as now--I ask you, Count--who will be heads of the departments when everybody has to pass examinations?
I wished to ask the countess and you to do me the honor of coming to tea and to supper.
Or, turning to Mademoiselle Bourienne, he would ask her in Princess Mary's presence how she liked our village priests and icons and would joke about them.
Only a couple of times a year--when he knew from their valets that they had money in hand--he would turn up of a morning quite sober and with a deep bow would ask them to help him.
On the contrary, I ask you to go with all your belongings to our estate near Moscow, and I promise you I will see to it that there you shall want for nothing.
Though this news was being concealed from the inhabitants, the officials--the heads of the various government departments--knew that Moscow would soon be in the enemy's hands, just as Count Rostopchin himself knew it, and to escape personal responsibility they had all come to the governor to ask how they were to deal with their various departments.
I'd planned to ask Quinn and Martha to come in so I could tell them what I'd learned but the more I considered it, I decided a phone call was sufficient.
I was anxious to hear about the meeting between the two women but I didn't want to ask in front of the child.
Cynthia didn't ask him to join her and he was more than happy to remain rocking a groove in the front porch decking.
Paul Dawkins wiped his face with his hand and looked at Dean as if to ask if he were serious.
Much as I'd like to, I won't ask her if her mother's maiden name was Plotke, nor will I tell her daddy's bones may be taking a motor home trip up the west coast—or that his pinkie is in your jewel case.
He wanted to ask her about the bones but knew any such discussion would be the height of tastelessness for a long time to come.
Finally, Lydia said, "I told your wife I was going to ask you," then added, "I really underestimated that woman."
Wynn pitied her but wasn't about to ask any favors of the demon lord that didn't involve Wynn leaving Hell – and Deidre – behind.
Wynn wasn't about to ask why it was secret or spend too much time in Hell with the violent creature before him.
I was thinking more along the lines that he can have no objection when I ask you to dinner, if he's out of the picture.
She was afraid to ask if it was true what they'd said about him always loving her despite what past-Deidre did.
She didn't ask for fear of discovering he was going to stop playing his keep-away game and offer her an arrangement she couldn't refuse.
When they left Deidre's apartment, Andre was headed to ask his half-brother, Tamer, for help researching histories for more information.
I didn't want to go to school today and stayed home but we're out of marshmallows and Gabriel doesn't have any money so I told him that we could ask you to pick up more marshmallows because we both really like them.
You must understand there is a reason behind what I ask of you that will not become clear for some time.
He didn.t have to ask what Sasha did to her when her pretty blue eyes flared with white rage and then filled with tears.
There was too much wrong with the woman's words, but she dumped her confusion and wounded feelings to ask, "Where has he gone?"
She wished hard she could talk to Evelyn as she had in her dream last night and ask her what to do.
You can ask the court for an order of restraint against your husband and stop him from coming anywhere near you if you're in fear of the man.
Dean was about to ask him if his nineteen-fifties sweater came from the same garage sale as the skis but he proceeded directly to the parlor.
Maybe we can all save some time if we skip the part where you ask the questions and I just go ahead and answer them.
Dean itched to ask her how she was so sure it wasn't Mr. David Dean who dropped her hubby into space but she began to sob anew, making any further conversation impossible.
I only ask this of you, my dearest Joshua; that you not tell my family how I lived, and that you mourn not my passing.
If you ain't here, Corday and the police can't ask you questions you might not want to answer, like what's Cynthia's Indiana address.
Dean wanted to ask when she might return but was hesitant about appearing to hurry her from her mother's bedside.
I don't want a gang of storm troopers invading my mother-in-law's house at midnight to ask my wife a few simple questions.
Dean didn't ask, "What stuff?" but instead climbed the stairs to the smaller of the two bedrooms, and in less than ten minutes was asleep.
Dean did not know Ethel's age and she wouldn't have told him if he had been interested enough to ask.
But the old man, finally, with much reluctance, agreed to re-figure the amount stolen when Dean began to ask how fre­quently deposits were made and offered to check bank records.
I thought he might want a refund on his unused rent, not that I'd have given it to him, but he didn't even ask.
You could ask Arthur yourself if he were here, but he's out on Fire Island with his latest bimboy and all their little friends.
The boys were glad to earn  bucks and DeLeo was polite enough not to ask why a -year-old man was renting a one-way automobile.
Tell you what, you show me where this guy's gear is and maybe I'll leave a note for the fella asking him to ask Corbin when he sees him.
I might not be able to prove your involvement in this little charade but I bet I can ask some embarrassing questions.
Still, if she made it uncomfortable for him this time, maybe he'd be sure to ask her how she felt next time.
If you stay as my guardian, I will pay you what gold you ask for, she said in a hushed voice.
I cannot speak, but I would tell him the evil I've done for the beast, and then ask him if he thought the curse was worth a wall we might have built ourselves!
My king, if I may ask, why did you kill all those who came with me from across the sea?
If this dog is what you want, it isn't important who gave it to you – and you don't need to ask me before you put another animal on this place.
And yet, for someone who was bold enough to drive up and introduce himself, he was certainly having a hard time working up the courage to ask her to a movie.
When I ask him if I can take you a message, he says no, to just wait until you come into town and have you call him.
She didn't ask where they were going but took the subtle beast onto the highway and let it loose, weaving in and out of traffic to test its handling.
Xander can take him, but he shouldn't, because Jonny won't be alone when Xander faces him, and Xander can't face the creatures with Jonny without help, which he refuses to ask for, because he's a complete ass.
Guided by the swan he reached Antwerp, and married the lady on condition that she should not ask his origin.
Once only do we find him taking an interest in the affairs of his neighbours, - to ask pardon from the government for a homicide.'
But I have just been at Leyden and Amsterdam to ask after Galileo's cosmical system as I imagined I had heard of its being printed last year in Italy.
To attach a clear and definite meaning to the Cartesian doctrine of God, to show how much of it comes from the Christian theology and how much from the logic of idealism, how far the conception of a personal being as creator and preserver mingles with the pantheistic conception of an infinite and perfect something which is all in all, would be to go beyond Descartes and to ask for a solution of difficulties of which he was  Ouvres, vi.
It remains, therefore, to ask whether any information can be had about the language of this primitive -COfolk, and whether they can be identified as the authors of any of the various archaeological strata now recognized on Italian soil.
At last Philip unwillingly gave way, and he secretly suggested to the cardinal that he should ask permission from the regent to visit his mother at Besancon.
On the other hand, Cromwell could justly boast "there is not a nation in Europe but is very willing to ask a good understanding with you."
Then if the king or any of his servants do wrong and complaint is made to four of the twenty-five, they are to ask for redress.
Some recent connoisseurs, however, ask us to restrict to seven the number of his genuine extant engravings - which appears unreasonable.
He was appointed introducer of ambassadors on the th of October , and it became notorious that whoever had a petition to present or a place to ask for must apply to him.
Thus, in any estimate of the influence of Babylonia upon the Old Testament, it is obviously necessary to ask whether certain features (a) are of true Babylonian origin, or (b) merely find parallels or analogies in its stores of literature; whether the indebtedness goes back to very early times or to the age of the Assyrian domination or to the exiles who now returned.
Ants invite one another to work, or ask for food from one another, by means of pats with the feelers; and they respond to the solicitations of their guest-beetles or mites, who ask for food by patting the ants with their feet.
Similarly in Egypt at the present day the jinn are believed to swarm so thickly that it is necessary to ask their permission before pouring water on the ground, lest one should accidentally be soused and vent his anger on the offending human being.
Barely eight months after the restoration of the Bourbons in the autumn of , Sagasta accepted the new state of things, and organized the Liberal dynastic party that confronted Canovas and the Conservatives for five years in the Cortes, until the Liberal leader used the influence of his military allies, Jovellar, Campos and others, to induce the king to ask him to form a Cabinet in .
Yet the church might ask, with some justice, whether the means he had used were excused by the end which he had attained.
Compare the mere fairy-tale mystery of Lohengrin's command that Elsa shall never ask to know his name, with the profound fatalism of Isolde's love-potion.
Meanwhile Mahmud, realizing the impossibility of crushing the Greek revolt unaided, had bent his pride to ask the help of Mehemet Ali, who was to receive as his reward Crete, the Morea and the pashaliks of Syria and Damascus.
The arrival of the Spaniards at Constance necessitating the formation of a fifth nation, Pierre d'Ailly availed himself of the opportunity to ask either that the English nation might be merged in the German, or that each great nation might be allowed to divide itself into little groups each equivalent to the English nation.
The act was unquestionably one of odious tyranny, but it is impossible not to ask why she had put herself within reach of it when her fortune enabled her to reside anywhere and to publish what she pleased.
In later days when the children shall ask what this means it shall be said that this is the sacrifice of the Lord's Passover.
As a memorial of this you shall eat unleavened bread seven days, on the th day at eve until the st day at eve; when children shall ask what this service means, you shall say that it is the Passover of the Lord.
Others had been carried off into slavery, and a deputation of clergy which Patrick had sent to ask for their release had been subjected to ridicule.
These were huge digests of all that popes, councils, primitive fathers had decided on every kind of question pertaining to the confessional - what exactly is a sin, what kind of questions the priests must ask, under what conditions he could give absolution.
The new attitude which has been taken since Darwin's writings on this question is to ask for evidence of the asserted transmission of acquired characters.
His efforts in this capacity failed; but when the city was stormed () Titus granted him whatever boon he might ask.
But here it becomes necessary to ask what is the precise meaning which we are to assign to the phrases, " to David," " to Asaph," " to the sons of Korah."
For the moment nothing more was heard of this boundary question by the public, but General Crespo instructed the Venezuelan minister in Washington to ask for the assistance of the United States in the event of any demand being made by the British Government for an indemnity.
If we go back in imagination to the beginning of the Victorian era and ask what was then known of the history of Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia and Asia Minor, we find ourselves confronted with a startling paucity of knowledge.
Wood was to ask, "if the French originals are found to tally with the Scots translations, will that be reckoned good evidence ?"
But the perusal of the piece obliges us to ask ourselves whether the author's radical conception of human nature was not false.
The main instigator was Charles I., duke of Bourbon, who three years before had attempted a similar rising, and had been forced to ask pardon of the king.
Radetzky, the Austrian general, having received reinforcements, drove the centre of the extended Italian line back across the Mincio (rd of July), and in the two days' fighting at Custozza (th and th of July) the Piedmontese were beaten, forced to retreat, and to ask for an armistice.
The number of questions which Calvin failed to ask or eluded by absolutely irrational expedients frees him from any taint of modern rationalism.
To understand the philosophical theory that has come to be known under this title, we may ask (I) what in general it is and how it is differentiated from other theories of knowledge and reality, () how it has risen in the history of philosophy, () what position it occupies at present in the world of speculation.
On returning to his native place about the year  he was chosen to head an embassy from the cities of the Pentapolis to the imperial court to ask for remission of taxation and other relief.
They were chosen from among labouring men, who at the age of twentyfive might ask the body of ministers to be admitted as candidates.
After giving this account of themselves they ask for information about several points in a way which shows the exigencies of a rude and isolated society, and finally they say that they have been much disturbed by the Lutheran teaching about freewill and predestination, for they had held that men did good works through natural virtue stimulated by God's grace, and they thought of predestination in no other way than as a part of God's foreknowledge.
The queen must say that she cannot view without alarm possible consequences of another year of agitation on the Irish Church, and she would ask the archbishop seriously to consider, in case the concessions to which the government may agree should not go so far as he may himself wish, whether the postponement of the settlement for another year may not be likely to result in worse rather than in better terms for the Church.
The Chinese had thoughts of pushing their conquests towards western Turkestan and Samarkand, the chiefs of which sent to ask assistance of the Afghan king Ahmed Shah.
The authority of the pulpit of any individual church is in the hands of the deacons; they ask the pastor to supply so many Sundays a year - from twelve to forty, as the case may be - and they then fill the remainder with any preacher they choose.
The momentous question was discussed at a meeting of the opponents of the Vatican decrees, and it was resolved to elect a bishop and ask the Dutch bishops to consecrate him.
In  Matthew, or Matheus, an Armenian, had been sent as Abyssinian envoy to Portugal to ask aid against the Mussulmans, and in  an embassy under Dom Rodrigo de Lima landed in Abyssinia.
In response to the demand for self-government, in September  he and the council appointed - after the manner then followed in Holland - from eighteen representatives chosen by the people a board of nine to confer with him and the council whenever he thought it expedient to ask their advice; three of the nine, selected in rotation, were permitted to sit with the council during the trial of civil cases; and six were to retire each year, their successors to be chosen by the director and council from twelve candidates nominated by the board.
Elizabeth could hardly be expected to go out of her way and ask parliament to repeal its own acts for Mary's sake; probably it would have refused.
But Guidiccioni, on a careful study of the papers, changed his mind; it is supposed that the cause of this change was in large measure the strong interest in the new scheme exhibited by John III., king of Portugal, who instructed his ambassador to press it on the pope and to ask Ignatius to send some priests of his Society for mission work in Portugal and its Indian possessions.
It was also about this same period that the grave scandal of the Chinese and Malabar rites began to attract attention in Europe, and to make thinking men ask seriously whether the Jesuit missionaries in those parts taught anything which could fairly be called Christianity at all.
The question of damages was reserved for further discussion, but either party was to be at liberty to submit any question of fact to the arbitrators, and to ask for a finding thereon.
Farmers are invited to visit these experimental farms, and a large correspondence is conducted with those interested in agriculture in all parts of the Dominion, who are encouraged to ask advice and information from the officers of the farms.
We have therefore to ask, first who was the author, and secondly what is the relation of the Rhetoric to Alexander to the Rhetoric, which nowadays alone passes for genuine.
Under the rules adopted, the examination of witnesses is conducted by the president in accordance with the system prevailing in most continental countries; members of the commission may only put questions to witnesses for the eliciting of further information; and they may not interrupt the witness when he is in course of making his statement, but they may ask the president to put any additional questions.
At the same time it soon appeared that they could not agree among themselves when they came to ask what it is, but in attempting to define it seem to have gone through the whole gamut of mind.
Bradley, however, having satisfied himself, like Spinoza, by an abuse of the word " independent," that " the finite is self-discrepant," goes on to ask what the one Real, the absolute, is; and, as he passed from Herbart to Spinoza, so now he passes from Spinoza to Kant.
He must ask what are known things, and especially what has been discovered in the sciences; in mechanics, in order to find the essence of bodies which is neglected by idealism; in mental science, in order to understand consciousness which is neglected by materialism.
Now this in Timothy's case, as far as we can trace his steps, was Ephesus; and it is natural to ask whether it will not suit all the conditions of the problem.
It was this sermon that determined his friend Thomas Bilney to go to Latimer's study, and ask him " for God's sake to hear his confession," the result being that " from that time forward he began to smell the word of God, and forsook the school doctors and such fooleries."
In the spring of  she retained enough of this saintly resignation to ask for nothing but liberty, without a share in the government of Scotland; but Lord Burghley not unreasonably preferred, if feasible, to reconcile the alliance of her son with the detention of his mother.
From the surfaces of all objects there are continually flowing thin filmy images exactly copying the solid body whence they originate; and these images by direct impact on the organism produce (we need not care to ask how) the phenomena of vision.
They came to inform him that a new edition of the English poets, from Cowley downwards, was in contemplation, and to ask him to furnish short biographical prefaces.
African troops, entirely European and normally consisting of  officers time when it would have been impolitic to ask openly for more cavalry, they were little by little trained in real cavalry work, then combined in provisional regiments for disciplinary purposes and at last frankly classed as cavalry.
In , while the Septennate had still three more years to run, Caprivi had to ask for an additional , men.
It was not clear that their action was deliberate, but none the less the chancellor himself came down to ask from the House permission to bring a charge of lse-majest against them, a request which was, of course, almost unanimously refused.
In the West a new crusade to the Holy Land was in preparation, and the crusaders sent ambassadors, one of whom was Villehardouin, the historian of the expedition, to ask the Venetians to give them passage and means of transport ().
Having briefly spoken of the divine nature in the terms of Greek philosophy, Aristides proceeds to ask which of all the races of men have at all partaken of the truth about God.
From our present point of view we may therefore regard this work of Hellenism as one continuous process, initiated by the Macedonians and carried on under Roman protection, and ask in the first place what the institution of a Greek city implied.
Little is known of his personal history, except that he lived at Emmaus, and that he went on an embassy to the emperor Heliogabalus to ask for the restoration of the town, which had fallen into ruins.
Chilperic, brother of Sigebert, and king of the west Frankish kingdom, jealous of the renown which this marriage brought to his elder brother, hastened to ask the hand of Galswintha, sister of Brunhilda; but at the instigation of his mistress Fredegond, he assassinated his wife.
It is said that Hera, having assumed the form of Semele's nurse, persuaded her rival to ask Zeus to show himself to her in all his glory.
A further distinction is important, especially in such subjects as mathematics or foreign languages, in which it is legitimate to ask what precise power on the part of a candidate the passing of an examination shall signify.
At this moment a crowd came up to ask the fulfilment of his annual act of grace, the pardon of a prisoner at the Passover.
If we ask what must, on grounds of literary probability, have been added before the record was closed, we may content ourselves here with saying that some incident must certainly have been narrated which should have realized the twice-repeated promise that Jesus would be seen by His disciples in Galilee.
When His disciples, having watched Him at prayer, desired to be taught how to pray, they were bidden to address God as " Father "; to ask first for the hallowing of the Father's name, and the coming of His kingdom; then for their daily food, for the pardon of their sins and for freedom from temptation.
Is it probable, we ask, that our Lord should have neglected the sacred custom in accordance with which the pious Jew visited Jerusalem several times each year for the observance of the divinely appointed feasts ?
If we ask what is the special contribution to history, apart from theology, which St John's Gosepl makes, the answer would seem to be this - that beside the Galilean ministry reported by St Mark there was a ministry to " Jews " (Judaeans) in Jerusalem, not continuous, but occasional, taken up from time to time as the great feasts came round; that its teaching was widely different from that which was given to Galileans, and that the situation created was wholly unlike that which arose out of the Galilean ministry.
It was to ask Bismarck officially to communicate a resolution in which a foreign parliament expressed an opinion in German affairs exactly opposed to that which the emperor at his advice had always followed.
In  Abu Moslim came to Irak to visit Abu`l-Abbas and to ask his permission to make the pilgrimage to Mecca.
In the year  the Greek general Andronicus took Marash, and penetrated as far as Haleb (Aleppo), but the Moslems were successful at sea, and in  captured Iconium, whilst Andronicus went over to the caliph's side, so that the Byzantine emperor sent an embassy to Bagdad to ask for a truce and an exchange of prisoners.
By May  Conrad had been compelled to ask Falkenhayn to send to Italy a division of the Austrian XII.
One of the characteristics of Greek philosophers is their growing tendency, in investigating any subject, to turn round and ask themselves what should be the method of investigation.
What then is meant by principles when we ask in the closing chapter of his logic how they become known ?
Aspiring during the reign of her son to the same role which she had seen Blanche of Castile play, she induced, in , the young Philip, heir to the throne, to promise to obey her in everything up to the age of thirty; and Saint Louis was obliged to ask for a bull from Urban IV.
