
Sentences
That the vegetation during this period was unusually exuberant there can be no doubt, and that a general uniformity of climatic conditions prevailed is shown not only by the wide distribution of coal measures, but by the uniformity of plant types over the whole earth.
All three are Gothic edifices and are notable for their elaborately carved doorways, in which free play has been given to the exuberant fancy of the Gothic style, and all three enshrine valuable treasures of art.
So again, in the stress that he lays on the misery which the most secret wrong-doing must necessarily cause from the perpetual fear of discovery, and in his exuberant exaltation of the value of disinterested friendship, he shows a sincere, though not completely successful, effort to avoid the offence that consistent egoistic hedonism is apt to give to ordinary human feeling.
Exuberant children, on the other hand, are thought to have a relatively high level of activity in the prefrontal cortex in response to certain stimuli.
Beside his or her winning smile and exuberant attitude, Sagittarius also has a strong altruistic streak and a desire to see everyone do well.
The best match for Pisces is an astrological sign that doesn't seek to constrain Pisces' desire for creativity, fun and exuberant joy.
A bouncing, rhythmic text with an irresistible refrain joins forces with wildly exuberant illustration to create a jolly romp of a picture book.
Coignetiae, is a little less exuberant in its growth; it may be used near the house, whereas Coignetiae, in its almost unruly luxuriance, is best among trees.
If you're walking around outdoors at a convention on a ridiculously bright day, you will probably be exuberant about your costume choice.
In the s, in Galen's Prophecy, Jerome Kagan and his colleagues studied two types of children whom they defined as inhibited and uninhibited (or exuberant) respectively.
Choosing swing dance costumes to wear for a competition or to go out dancing is a big part of the fun of this exuberant style of dance.
It also allows you to don a dress covered in beads, which is highly appropriate and looks amazing during an exuberant dance.
Gretchen’s exuberant personality and good looks, plus the fact that Jeff was significantly older than her, made her the target of her fellow Housewives’ ire almost immediately.
The other great difficulty, apart from the succession, with which Elizabeth had to deal arose from the exuberant aggressiveness of England, which she could not, and perhaps did not want to, repress.
Whichever style of Hannah Montana clothes are right for your daughter, she's sure to love the exuberant colors and designs available.
They can resemble a pattern on your grandmother's tablecloth or they can be wild, exuberant and lush - much like a Hawaiian lei.
Full of get-up-and-go spirit, Aries' warmth and passion can be so exuberant; it can be hard not to smile when you see it!
Many people have told me the head-banging scene is like no other and makes them feel so exuberant to watch it.
She put her arms about his neck in a bear hug and gave him an exuberant big sister kiss on the mouth.
Wonderful Viennese music combined with an exuberant and hilarious new libretto sung in English, all adds up to unmissable entertainment!
His diverse experience, combined with his exuberant personality, erudition and often trenchant views make him a compelling and entertaining speaker.
The fate of the town had excited the liveliest sympathy in England, and the exuberant rejoicings in London on the news of its relief led to the coining of the word magicking to describe the behaviour of crowds on occasions of extravagant demonstrations of a national kind.
From a literary point of view Phaedrus is inferior to Babrius, and to his own imitator, La Fontaine; he lacks the quiet picturesqueness and pathos of the former, and the exuberant vivacity and humour of the latter.
Do n't miss a chance to hear this wonderfully soulful, exuberant vocalist & his quartet on a rare outing to Brighton.
This is not to say that you should allow a collector to harass you, and this situation can unfortunately arise if a collector is too exuberant with his or her job.
It may be employed to destroy warts or small growths, to reduce exuberant granulations or it may be applied to bites.
The minor accuracies, the limitation of range, the treading and re-treading of the same small patch of ground, the concentration of interest in success before a board of examiners, were all uncongenial to a nature of exuberant intellectual curiosity and of strenuous and self-reliant originality.
But, though illuminated by the rays of art, and loaded with the exuberant panegyrics of humanists and poets, the reign of the first Medicean pontiff, by its unbounded devotion to purely secular tendencies and its comparative neglect of the Church herself proved disastrous for the See of St Peter.
He studied men rather than books; became acquainted with the vices in what was then a pioneer town; and in his Seven Lectures to Young Men () treated these with genuine power of realistic description and with youthful and exuberant rhetoric. Eight years later () he accepted a call to the pastorate of Plymouth Church (Congregational), then newly organized in Brooklyn, New York.
A good deal of difference of opinion exists as to whether they are the result of arrested growth or of exuberant development, and accordingly whether restricted food or abundant supplies of nourishment are the more necessary for their production.
The cathedral of St Martin was begun in  by Bishop Anselm (later Pope Alexander II.); but the great apse with its tall columnar arcades and the fine campanile are probably the only remnants of the early edifice, the nave and transepts having been rebuilt in the Gothic style in the th century, while the west front was begun in  by Guidetto (lately identified with Guido Bigarelli of Como), and "consists of a vast portico of three magnificent arches, and above them three ranges of open galleries covered with all the devices of an exuberant fancy."
