
Her throat was very sore and the doctor thought she would have to go away to the hospital, but she is better now.
His words and attitude always suppose a better state of things than other men are acquainted with, and he will be the last man to be disappointed as the ages revolve.
We are building the Internet to connect with each other better, to share information, to collaborate, to offer mutual support, and so on.
Then Henry Ford came along, followed by a host of others, and cars got better and better while getting less and less expensive.
Age is no better, hardly so well, qualified for an instructor as youth, for it has not profited so much as it has lost.
Because young people generally understand and utilize technology better than older people, we will see a shift in power and influence toward the young.
If he can get us better and timelier information and direct us to the best place to call in our tips, we're miles ahead.
I'll better his total before I die and they'll not know I ever existed... unless someone sees me in their crystal ball.
I realize now my venture was doomed to failure from the start as my target was far better protected than I sensed.
It's a relief the monster wasn't responsible for Vermont but I'd feel much better if I knew he didn't break into Julie's place.
She was far better than I at handling this type of emotion but just then, Molly skipped in the door.
Better that she convey the information to Howie in her own words, and not compel me to admit what we'd been holding back information from him.
You see, guys who just hunted down women looked down on the children snatchers and the scum that took on little girls thought they were a rank better than the little boy snatchers.
The FBI can fill you in better when they get here but this guy's been off the grid since he was released from prison last summer.
I told her when I returned from my preparations in the cabin I'd better find my little angle quiet or she could watch her mother die before her eyes.
No woman would ever be more than second to a man like that, but being the woman who was second in his world sounded better than anything else she'd ever wanted.
His erratic moods had grown more volatile the past couple of days, and she knew better than to draw his attention.
She knew better than to relax around her father, whose hand was likely to fly at the drop of a hat.
He smelled like a heady mix of male musk and something so faint and sweet, it made her want to press her face to the skin of his chest for a better smell.
But if the little bit I've got's not stopping me from trying to multiply it to something better, how can you be worried about this kid of yours?
While Cynthia didn't answer, her eyes told him if he did poke around, he'd better not get himself in deep do-do doing it.
Cynthia's allotted tour of duty was finished, so he took his wife's hand and they walked to the corner for a better view of the parade.
Unlike most first-time riders of this spectacular road, she didn't shudder; instead she leaned far over for a better view, rattling a litany of praises.
Dean emerged from behind the cluster of boulders and jogged to the edge of a clearing where he had a better view down the valley.
All I could think of was Randy and how lucky we are that he's got his act together in spite of this business with Jen—how much better off he is than Billy— and Jen than Melissa.
Then he added, You might have better luck learning who's been trying to buy the worthless mine and who at Bird Song swiped the itsy-bitsy bone you found.
Later, he and Martha were to visit the library for more digging into the earlier disappearances now that the date of Martha's bones was better known.
When the sun was up, she retreated from the French doors, troubled by the lost souls and what she did to make Gabriel's life worse, when she'd hoped to make it better.
Even so, he managed to communicate better than the average person, and when he did say something, it was generally well thought out.
They shouldn't have talked in front of him, but sending him to his room wouldn't have left him feeling any better.
He always knew what to say to make people feel better – only now he couldn't talk, and even if he could, he might not be capable of the flowery words.
If he would only put an arm around her when they slept, like he used to, she might feel better.
They had been through better and worse and each time they had come out on the other side with a stronger relationship.
Would it have looked any better if he had come in a few minutes earlier when Alex had his hand under her shirt?
Your little Texas stud had better stay out of my life or I'll make him wish he'd never set foot in this state.
The dilapidated, abandoned facility fiercely defended by the soldiers in Western uniforms was not worth their efforts when compared to the buildings in much better shape down the road.
The first gate consisted of a few dozen men better armed than his team atop a thick steel wall with an iron core.
After watching the madman named Arnie last night, he knew better than to assume anything about the deceptively quiet Peak.
You better learn fast if you want to survive my world, challenging me isn't the way to go, he warned.
His head hurt from the shock of the baton, and he couldn't help hoping she was a better shot than she was figuring out the baton.
He should've known better than not to warn Dan what Lana could do if she got a hold of a micro, even if it was Elise's.
He'd meant it as a joke only, something to make her feel better and take her mind off of the chaos around her.
Maybe if she'd paid more attention to the information coming in or been a better analyst … part of her knew there were no indicators she missed.
Gabriel cursed under his breath.  He had no way of knowing what kind of test a deity like Death could create, but it wasn't likely to be good.  While he had full faith in Rhyn, he also knew better than to trust the petite woman in white standing in his dream.
He'd have a way of keeping my mind off of things.  I think the demon side of him makes him a better Immortal than people like Kris.
You got a better explanation?  If Death told Rhyn she would give him Katie back, then Katie can't be dead.
I met Gabe, and he took me to Andre, who raised me for a few years, before my brothers decided I was better off in Hell, he summarized.
Rhyn deserves better.  I think I got what was coming to me for being as selfish as my bitchy sister.
I'm beyond help, Rhyn.  I've always believed you could be all that Kris and Andre and your father were not.  Your half-demon nature makes you better prepared than all of them combined.
By the time the man had finished, his night vision was better and he could make out the tiny necklace of lights in the distance, the Chesapeake Bridge-Tunnel that ran  miles to the Eastern shore.
If you ask me, those Norfolk guys would be better off checking the airports than the bottom of the bay.
Mrs. Byrne, looking embarrassed at the confusion, suggested that she and Dean might be better off talking on the back deck.
He considered sneaking out the back door but it was still early and the look on Rita's face told him he'd better behave.
Dean felt it might be better if she talked instead of letting the silence and the upcoming events prey on her mind.
The drinks arrived in glasses better designed for raising fish than serving alcohol—a sure hit with the traveling salesmen.
They've got a plate on the sole so your feet don't get numb and they hold on to the pedal better.
Jeffrey Byrne's wife was in far better physical shape than she had let on, and the pair managed  miles before finally calling it quits, not because she was tired, but because, as she said, her what-sis was so sore.
Dean felt a pang of guilt for not put­ting the day to better use but figured he deserved a little time off to reconnoiter.
Although it was decades since Dean's Boy Scout days and he didn't relish the thoughts of bed­ding his exhausted body on the ground, he felt, in addition to sav­ing money, his chance of running into his quarry in a camp ground was better.
Actually, staying with Katie and Bill was probably a better choice, but she had already told Alex she would stay at his house.
Actually, all she wanted to do was alert him that she was nervous about it, but if it made him feel better to know she was willing to discuss intimacy with him now, then she would listen.
She wasn't supposed to be up here alone and it probably wouldn't make Alex feel any better to know Josh had been here with her.
They would learn those things with or without children, but they could enjoy the intimacy of them much better when it was merely the two of them.
It took her the better part of an hour to locate the cow, and if it hadn't been for the white form that raced out to meet them, she might have missed the cow in the hollow with her two calves.
Thinking a ride might put her in a better mood, she saddled Ed and released Princess and her daughters in the pasture.
Where he'd been the last month was a mystery, but he was here now — and for some reason, what he was saying made her feel better.
For the better part of an hour they gazed down on the scene below and discussed her plans for the dude ranch.
But it's better for them if he doesn't know she called - as long as he gets the idea she could.
They invited Carmen to join, but it was obvious that their skills were far better and she would only hold them back.
I was thinking that when she got better, she wouldn't be able to get it back unless I had it.
She steeled herself for their rejection, reminding herself she did it not for them, but to give her daughter a better life.
If nothing else, she'd have a much better vision of what was to come after a full day in the immortal world.
So I was right in thinking it's better they—or Jonny—kills me, before you destroy our world to get to them.
In this, she would always remain a better person than the twisted, abusive man who had controlled her so absolutely before she killed him.
There was a much better time when she did not know he planned to usurp her, and the memory comforted her.
Despite feeling better rested than she could remember, she was unable to shake the sense of unease from the catacombs, as if Jame's magic lingered.
He could have said something to Rob, though at the moment anything he could have said to make the situation better eluded her.
There was little she could do at the moment with only one hand free – and that on the injured side - so she waited for a better opportunity.
Thirty minutes to get to her apartment; an hour to get ready - no, better make it thirty minutes, and then another half-hour to get to her parent's house.
