
She was surprised to see three people within, none of whom looked like they fit in the refined, elegant spaces of the parlor.
Ensconced lights glowed in the midday, and antique furniture, rare paintings, elegant marble sculptures befitting a museum, silk Persian rugs underfoot, and many other priceless displays of prestige lined the wide hall.
The light and elegant tower (Torre del Mangla) soaring from one side of the palace was begun in  and finished after , and the chapel standing at its foot, raised at the expense of the Opera del Duomo as a public thank-offering after the plague of , begun in  and completed in .
Their craftsmanship is proved by the large cinerary urns, by the jugs with wide, deeply ribbed, scientifically fixed handles, and by vessels and vases as elegant in form and light in weight as any that have been since produced at Murano.
He was that absent-minded crank, a grand seigneur husband who was in no one's way, and far from spoiling the high tone and general impression of the drawing room, he served, by the contrast he presented to her, as an advantageous background to his elegant and tactful wife.
This fact naturally led to his crediting himself with many discoveries which he afterwards found had been already established, often by more direct and elegant processes than his own.
Instead of reading Aristotle and other naturalists, people went for information to commonplace books like those of Aelian, in which scraps of folk-lore, travellers' tales and fragments of misapprehended science were set forth in an elegant style.
The vases made by him are as elegant in form as the best of the Cinquecento period, but may perhaps be distinguished by the superior purity and brilliancy of the glass.
The hotel is well known for its club-like atmosphere on the bar side of the building and for the elegant catering that has made many weddings and parties so memorable.
The classic, white-linen dining room is elegant, service is impeccable, and the steaks--hand-selected, aged and grilled to perfection--are the best you'll ever sink your teeth into.
He also showed that every equation of an even degree must have at least one real quadratic factor, reduced the solution of linear differential equations to definite integrals, and furnished an elegant method by which the linear partial differential equation of the second order might be solved.
The Letters are brilliantly written - full of elegant wisdom, of keen wit, of admirable portrait-painting, of exquisite observation and deduction.
Before the English visit Voltaire had been an elegant trifler, an adept in the forms of literature popular in French society, a sort of superior Dorat or Boufflers of earlier growth.
It was more fully developed in his Traite des fluides, published in , in which he gave simple and elegant solutions of problems relating to the equilibrium and motion of fluids.
The body-wall is extensively calcified in the Cyclostomata and in most Cheilostomata, which may form elegant network-like colonies, as in the unilaminar genus Retepora, or may consist of wavy anastomosing plates, as in the bilaminar Lepralia foliacea of the British coasts, specimens of which may have a diameter of many inches.
The weasel is an elegant little animal, with elongated slender body, back much arched, head small and flattened, ears short and rounded, neck long and flexible, limbs short, five toes on each foot, all with sharp, com - pressed, curved claws, tail rather short, slender, cylindrical, and pointed at the tip, and fur short and close.
Another common style of wood furniture is the Adirondack style, which grew up around the elegant lodge homes that dot New York's Adirondack Mountains.
For a more elegant look, some modern rooms utilize furniture that is influenced by movements like Art Deco and Art Nouveau, along with Asian and post-modern designs.
The long-sought cause of the "great inequality" of Jupiter and Saturn was found in the near approach to commensurability of their mean motions; it was demonstrated in two elegant theorems, independently of any except the most general considerations as to mass, that the mutual action of the planets could never largely affect the eccentricities and inclinations of their orbits; and the singular peculiarities detected by him in the Jovian system were expressed in the so-called "laws of Laplace."
Several of its churches are architecturally interesting, especially the Madonna delle Lacrime () outside the town, the elegant early Renaissance architecture of which resembles that of the Madonna del Calcinaio at Cortona, and most of them (and also the municipal picture gallery) contain paintings by artists of the Umbrian school - notably Lo Spagna, a pupil of Perugino.
It bore another note from Fate, written in elegant script on parchment and pinned to the door with a knife.
Plus, for caff anoraks, the very same elegant patterned cup n ' saucer sets used by the mighty Alpino in Islington.
Having reassembled the horn I found I could forgive it these small transgressions - it is such an elegant looking beastie.
Thus Descartes is a type of that spirit of science to which erudition and all the heritage of the past seem but elegant trifling.
An elegant table setting will add color to your dining room - keep your table decorated even when not in use to keep the color alive.
This design style is casually elegant with a compliment of sturdy, practical furniture, colorful textiles and useful rather than fanciful accents.
From plasma TV holders to butter-soft leather armchairs, you can create a living room that is elegant and durable with a rich and lasting beauty.
Rich red, forest green, deep plum, gold, and silver are perfect for holiday décor and will work well to create a classically elegant table setting.
These elegant beauties are often made of ceramic or alabaster glass and feature curvy profiles which will add a little femininity without too much frill.
Inspired partly by the royal opulence of the Palace at Versailles, this style features furniture and accessories which are ornate yet elegant.
The choir, crossing, and beautiful sixteen-sided dome, with the elegant external decorations in terra-cotta and marble, are by Bramante (c. ).
To form a pyramidal plant, which is a very elegant and useful shape to give to a decorative pot plant, the main stem should be encouraged to grow upright, for a length perhaps of  or  in.
Who needs pricey spa retreats when you can create the perfect elegant and peaceful surroundings right in your own home?
Some bathroom lighting seems like it could double as surgical lighting, but if you want elegant bathroom designs, then you need to soften things up a little bit.
If you need more advice on elegant bathroom designs and pulling your bathroom style together in general, we have tons of information for you.
If you have an adjoining smaller bedroom that you can spare, then use it to create an elegant dressing and lounge area off of your new bathroom.
You may wish to trim the edges with a twisted rope trim that can be hot glued to the headboard for an elegant finished look.
If you want to create a designer look for your room, then choosing a floral fabric will give you an elegant and airy décor.
The wrong china can transform your elegant arrangement into something that sticks out as though it doesn't belong and vice versa.
Using a damask wall stencil is a great way to add a bit of elegant and traditional sophistication to a room.
Patrons will dine in an elegant environment accentuated by subdued colors, theater-style lighting, oversized mirrors, beautiful floral displays and a maple-top bar.
The "elegant" atmosphere of the dining room is fancy, without being pretentious, and the special tasting menu is luxe to say the least.
Lindheimeri,  to  ft., is much branched, with elegant white and red flowers of the onagraceous type, in long slender ramose spikes during the late summer and autumn months.
Elegant liliaceous plants, with rhizomatous stems. P. multiflorum (Solomon's Seal),  to  ft., with arching stems, and drooping white flowers from the leaf axils, is a handsome border plant, doing especially well in partial shade amongst shrubs, and also well adapted for pot culture for early forcing.
He thought only of Ireland; lived for no other object; dedicated to her his beautiful fancy, his elegant wit, his manly courage, and all the splendour of his astonishing eloquence."
The street is itself spanned by an elegant bridge carrying the Corso Andrea Podesta, a modern avenue on the heights above.
The lower branches being regularly cut, this tree grows high and assumes a much more elegant form than in its natural state.
Native industries include the weaving of silk, woollen, linen and cotton goods, the hand-woven silk shawls and draperies being often rich and elegant.
The needs of the Egyptian court produced a number of elegant letter-writers, of whom the most famous were Abd al-Rabim b.
Gaillard is painstaking and impartial in his statement of facts, and his style is correct and elegant, but the unity of his narrative is somewhat destroyed by digressions, and by his method of treating war, politics, civil administration, and ecclesiastical affairs under separate heads.
Underneath it, to the right, was the principal entrance, and over it are three elegant windows with arches and miniature pillars.
Among the other wonders of the Alhambra are the Sala de la Justicia (Hall of Justice), the Patio del Mexuar (Court of the Council Chamber), the Patio de Daraxa (Court of the Vestibule), and the Peinador de la Reina (Queen's Robing Room), in which are to be seen the same delicate and beautiful architecture, the same costly and elegant decorations.
His ready pen, clear thought and elegant style, made him the scribe of the Reformation, most public documents on that side being drawn up by him.
The streets are broad, well paved, and adorned with many elegant buildings, among which are Roman Catholic, Lutheran and Calvinist churches, and a new town hall with a tower  ft.
The former monastery of the Jesuits, now the Jesuit church of Belen (), at the corner of Luz and Compostela Streets, is one of the most elegant and richly ornamented in Cuba.
The United Provinces have, among other specialties, an elegant black ware with designs in white metal worked into its surface.
In  he published a carefully punctuated and annotated edition (folio , octavo ) of Caesar's Commentaries, with elegant engravings, dedicated to the duke of Marlborough.
Others, such as the Barycentrische Calciil of Mobius, and the Methode des equipollences of Bellavitis, give elegant modes of treating space problems, so long as we confine ourselves to projective geometry and matters of that order; but they are limited in their field, and therefore need not be discussed here.
Many of these Indian grass-mats are admirable examples of elegant design, and the colours in which they are woven are rich, harmonious and effective in the highest degree.
An elegant portal leads from the church into the small cloister, which has a pretty garden in the centre; the terra-cotta ornaments surmounting the slender marble pillars are the work of Rinaldo de Stauris (-), who executed similar decorations in the great cloister.
The capitol, which is occupied by the executive and legislative departments, is an elegant and spacious building, erected since .
The red wines include the elegant and delicate (though not unstable) wines of the Gironde, and again the full, though not coarse, wines of the Burgundy district.
By his studies in electrostatics, his elegant method of electrical images, his development of the theory of potential and application of the principle of conservation of energy, as well as by his inventions in connexion with electrometry, he laid the foundations of our modern knowledge of electrostatics.
He was ignorant of the rules of grammar, confused genders and cases, and wrote in the vernacular Latin of his time, apart from certain passages which are especially elaborated and filled with poetical and elegant expressions.
The Britannia, the first edition of which is dedicated to Burghley, is a survey of the British islands written in elegant Latin.
It was the sensation caused in  by the lawsuit brought against Strindberg's Married (a collection of short stories dealing realistically with some of the seamy sides of marriage) which brought to a head the rebellion against the elegant and superficial conventions which were strangling Swedish literature.
The ten books of Symmachus' Epistolae, so highly esteemed in the cultured circles of the th century, may be contrasted with the less elegant but more forceful epistles of Jerome.
During the age of Anne various Augustan poets in whom the lyrical faculty was slight, from Congreve and Richard Duke down to Ambrose Philips and William Somerville, essayed the epistle with more or less success, and it was employed by Gay for several exercises in his elegant persiflage.
Samuel Usque, a Lisbon Jew, deserves a place to himself for his Consolagam as tribulagoes de Israel, where he exposes the persecutions endured by his countrymen in every age down to his time; the book takes the dialogue form, and its diction is elegant and pure.
The most considered poets of the day joined the Arcadia and Lyric individually wrote much excellent verse, but they Latin authors were the models they chose, and Gargao, the most prominent Arcadian, composed the Cantata de Dido, a gem of ancient art, as well as some charming sonnets to friends and elegant odes and epistles.
The comte de Flahaut is perhaps better remembered for his exploits in gallantry, and the elegant manners in which he had been carefully trained by his mother, than for his public services, which were not, however, so inconsiderable as they have sometimes been represented to be.
The Franciscan church, with an elegant tower built in , is an interesting example of the transition style of the th century, with later baroque additions.
Besides varied and beautiful weapons, frequently exhibiting high workmanship, amulets, coronets, diadems of solid gold, and vases of elegant form and ornamentation in gold and bronze are found in the barrows.
It is to be remarked that the standing figure of the bishop in episcopal seals, of the abbot in monastic seals and of the lady in ladies' seals, which was so persistent from the th century onwards, proved to be the happy cause of the maintenance of the elegant oval shape in examples of these classes, wherein some of the best balanced designs are to be found.
From this time, with the exception of occasional public appearances, he gave himself up to elegant luxury, with which he combined a sort of dilettante pursuit of philosophy, literature and art.
It was remarkably compact, elegant and light, and obtained the ioo prize of the exhibition for its engine, which was the lightest and most powerful so far constructed.
There was a rich, deep-toned, resonant eloquence mingled with the speculative exposition; his style of expression was clear, elegant and forcible, abounding in happy turns and striking antitheses.
A quartic curve has  double tangents, their points of contact determined as the intersections of the curve by a curve II = o of the order , the equation of which in a very elegant form was first obtained by Hesse ().
All his works were written in the most elegant style and chaste diction; but apart from his share in the editing of the Historiens de la France, they were mostly in the form of separate articles on literary and historical subjects.
Several years before this appointment he had made himself a name by an elegant solution of the problem to find the sun's equator and determine the period of its rotation by observation of the spots on its surface.
Among them were an elegant solution of the problem to determine the orbit of a comet from three observations, and memoirs on the micrometer and achromatic telescopes.
According to the custom of that age in Italy, it now became his duty to explain the language, and to illustrate the beauties of the principal Latin authors, Cicero and Virgil being considered the chief masters of moral science and of elegant diction.
It has many picturesque medieval towers and other edifices (the Palazzo degli Alessandri is perhaps the most interesting), for which indeed it is one of the best towns in central Italy, and some elegant fountains; among the latter may be mentioned the Gothic Fontana Grande (, restored in ) and Fontana della Rocca by Vignola ().
He was handsome, elegant and a lover of pleasure, and was one of the most individual figures of the Revolution.
The women spin and weave, and with the rudest appliances manufacture a variety of strong and durable cloths of silk,cotton and hemp, and of rofia palm, aloe and banana fibre, of elegant patterns, and often with much taste in colour.
In the monastery of Vallombrosa, near Florence, where his education was principally conducted, he not only made himself acquainted with the best Latin authors, but acquired a fair command of the Greek tongue, thus laying the foundation of his brilliant and elegant style.
The princes had cause to dread him; for Yusuf, the leader of a religious movement still in its first zeal, was known to have no friendly feeling for their religious indifference and elegant, dissipated habits.
They carry the head and neck low and the hind-quarters high, their action in running being peculiar and not elegant, somewhat resembling the pace of a sheep. Though with no power of sustained speed or extensive leaping, they are remarkable fOr flexibility of body and facility of creeping through tangled underwood.
In regard to the mares generally, we have a record of the royal mares already alluded to, and likewise of three Turk mares brought over from the siege of Vienna in , as well as of other importations; but it is unquestionable that there was a very large number of native mares in England, improved probably from time to time by racing, however much they may have been crossed at various periods with foreign horses, and that from this original stock were to some extent derived the size and stride which characterized the English race-horse, while his powers of endurance and elegant shape were no doubt inherited from the Eastern horses, most of which were of a low stature,  hands or thereabouts.
There are the neat and elegant animals, like the descendants of Saunterer and Sweetmeat; the large-framed, plain-looking, and heavy-headed Melbournes, often with lop ears; the descendants of Birdcatcher, full of quality, and of more than average stature, though sometimes disfigured with curby hocks; and the medium-sized but withal speedy descendants of Touchstone, though in some cases characterized by somewhat loaded shoulders.
The elegant and distinguished young novelist became a favourite at court; his pieces were performed at Compiegne before they were given to the public, and on one occasion the empress Eugenie deigned to play the part of Mme de Pons in Les Portraits de la Marquise.
The dean was an elegant scholar, and his rendering of the Hyperion of Keats into Latin verse () has received high praise.
Stephen Foale and Steve Bishop presented their elegant study of grazing bifurcations in impacting systems, relevant to the rattling of engineering structures.
Further up the coast is elegant Jerez where ample boulevards lined with palm and orange trees separate one famous sherry bodega from another.
Personalized wedding favors, elegant bridal shower party favors create unforgettable memories for the bride and groom and their wedding reception guests.
Some of the fittings of the house were on a luxurious scale too, a particularly striking example being an elegant wrought iron candlestick.
The period style dining room has a cozy, intimate atmosphere created by soft pastels colors, elegant chairs and soft wool carpeting.
It has a dark purple color, beautiful pure cassis and blackcurrant fruit, lovely moderate tannins and an elegant and long finish.
Back to Food and Drink The elegant Vellore Restaurant was formerly the ballroom, and host to the season's sparkling debutantes!
This is a unique and thrilling chance to see the elegant riders and beautiful Lipizzaner stallions perform classical dressage at the highest level.
Even after being devastated by an earthquake and a bomb in the early th century, it is still is an elegant architectural sight.
Ruby on Rails Support Ruby is a pure object-oriented programming language with a super clean syntax that makes programming elegant and fun.
Without speaking out of school I do think that the GFDL isn't as beautifully elegant and well designed a license as the GPL.
With an elegant aluminum exterior, the camera features a stylish grip design which comes as standard to the Coolpix range.
The outlaw gang pose in bowler hats, sporting elegant three piece suits with watch fobs, resting their hands on the carved chairs.
The faded grandeur of Curzon Street Station provides an elegant backdrop to a darkly humorous work by German artist Eva Meyer Keller.
With elegant surroundings, a friendly family atmosphere and attentive service, The Red House is an excellent base for the discerning guest.
From there the Company creates inventive, inspiring and elegant dance putting quality and creativity at the top of its agenda.
Our entertainment here was in so elegant a style, and reminded my fellow-traveller so much of England, that he became quite joyous.
So, at the top of their shopping lists you find leafy Vincent Square, elegant Smith Square and grand Lord North Street.
We put together our range of designer lingerie from around the world, with the emphasis on the elegant Italian lingerie designer's.
Lingerie Company, The - Supply a stylish and elegant range of ladies lingerie Company, The - Supply a stylish and elegant range of ladies lingerie which is of good quality and price.
The bridge surfaces - previously matte and gold-plated - are now rhodium-plated steel with elegant GlashÃ¼tte ribbing with Langeleist perlage on the underside.
For the -plus people who visited, there was the chance to admire elegant wedding gowns, bridesmaid dresses and formal menswear.
It was a long elegant nightie, with a plunging neckline and long side splits that revealed a lot of thigh.
To judge from Said's disdain for most criticisms of Orientalism, he would have summarily tossed such pebbles from his elegant shoe.
It takes its name from its location in the elegant walk that was created for a royal princess  years ago.
Ferrari managed to solve the quartic with perhaps the most elegant of all the methods that were found to solve this type of problem.
In the Dales, the favorite type of knitting stick was a shape known as the goose quill, which was curved and elegant.
He is however a quite elegant green and silver seraph, in comparison with Excel's gold and Helophel's rich brown viper patterns.
Alive Music string quartet Alive Music presents the Vuillaume String Quartet - a professional string quartet adding that elegant final touch to any occasion.
We develop a theory of semantic tableaux for BI, thereby providing an elegant basis for efficient theorem proving tools for BI.
The exclusive line of fresh, colorful, sophisticated, and elegant pieces brings a new dimension to the world of bridal wear.
It is an admirably lucid, and even elegant, exposition of the Ricardian economics, the Malthusian theory being of course incorporated with these; but, notwithstanding the introduction of many minor novelties, it is in its scientific substance little or nothing more.
In  Savonarola was Lenten preacher in the church of St Lorenzo, but his plain, earnest exhortations attracted few hearers, while all the world thronged to Santo Spirito to enjoy the elegant rhetoric of Fra Mariano da Genazzano.
Later, the motive of the Toba pictures, as such caricatures were called, tended to degenerate, and the elegant figures of Kakuyu were replaced by scrawls that often substituted indecency and ugliness for art and wit.
At the bar Wedderburn was the most elegant speaker of his time, and, although his knowledge of the principles and precedents of law was deficient, his skill in marshalling facts and his clearness of diction were marvellous; on the bench his judgments were remarkable for their perspicuity, particularly in the appeal cases to the House of Lords.
Como 's atmospheric medieval quarter is centered on the Duomo, renowned for its elegant melding of gothic and renaissance styles.
He is however a quite elegant green and silver seraph, in comparison with Excel 's gold and Helophel 's rich brown viper patterns.
A security door leads into the spacious hallway of this elegant building with easy stairs to the st floor apartment.
Oliver 's a gifted storyteller endowed with an elegant, compelling prose which makes you fully enjoy the pleasure of reading.
Alive Music String Quartet Alive Music presents the Vuillaume String Quartet - a professional string quartet adding that elegant final touch to any occasion.
We were both sat on the stage of the club, chatting and swigging Champagne from the bottle, looking very elegant !
Costumes are simple trousers and tunic tops in velvet and jersey fabrics that create an elegant line on the dancers ' bodies.
Some present 'all singing all dancing ' themes; others opt for elegant waxwork type tableaux where not a muscle moves throughout the procession.
Or call the elegant suite on who 's also an from the days. At the beach william through lochs playing strauss draw.
For more ideas, there are numerous sites on the Web that specialize in unique and personalized baby gifts, from the ubiquitous Things Remembered to Personalized for Baby, Elegant Baby Gifts, BabyWonderland Baby Gifts and Retrofit Baby.
In fact, if you love the eclectic look of mismatched furniture, antiques can give a room a classical, elegant look that still appears put together.
You can even find hand-painted cribs that are stenciled with specific designs, including popular nursery rhyme characters, or you can choose a simple, but elegant, white iron baby bed.
While not everyone can pipe gorgeous trim on a cake and write a message in elegant lettering, there are some do-it-yourself baby shower cake ideas that look both sophisticated and professional.
While the basic concept of a pacifier clip remains unchanged from material to material, pacifier clips made of silver are often more decorative or elegant than others.
Modern Bride, Brides, and Elegant Bride magazines are good ones for starters, so look for dress designs that you find appealing and take the pictures with you when you go shopping to refresh your memory on the styles and details you love.
Long considered one of the most elegant pieces of jewelry a woman can wear, pearls are a classic, elegant adornment that will most likely never go out of style.
Wall - A wall sink takes up the least amount of space and is perfect for a tiny powder room or even a larger bathroom that does not need to look elegant.
Some lingerie makers also make satin or silk sleepshirts that use the classic oversized shirt style with more elegant fabrics and styling.
The longer the drop length of the tablecloth, the more elegant the table, but it can also be more difficult to keep clean.
These outlet stores are in many ways similar to a mall, except that the layout may at times resemble that of a very elegant strip mall.
If you are interested in making some seriously fun and elegant drinks with vodka, you have a seemingly endless array of choices.
While not known for designing office furniture, many of Chris's pieces can be used to make a home office comfortable and elegant.
Chaise - This elegant chaise can be a great addition to offices where people lie down (a psychiatrist's office for example), or if you like to take a moment to relax in your home office between big projects.
Just because offices are where most people work and earn their paychecks, there's no reason why they can't be stylish and elegant.
Beautifully crafted Amish home furniture includes a selection of simple yet elegant designs created by skilled craftsmen known for their quality workmanship and attention to details.
Offering heirloom quality handcrafted Amish furniture, Cabinfield Woodworking provides a large selection of styles ranging from rustic log furniture to elegant bedroom sets.
When completed, the china cabinet majestically held the elegant pieces and kept them safe and free from dust, grime and dirt.
You can buy a simple shower and dress it up with an elegant shower curtain or you can invest in one of the newer steam showers.
A piece of furniture, such as a chest of drawers or an armoire, can immediately be spruced up and made to look elegant with a painted damask design.
Whether you're aiming for a quaint country theme, a fresh contemporary design or an elegant and formal look, decorator fabrics will help you achieve your goal.
So whether you want something cute and fun, sophisticated and elegant, or a charming mix of the two, a beach theme is a great way to go.
Showcasing primarily formal and elegant interiors, readers get an idea of how the other half lives, but elements of the looks can be incorporated just about anywhere.
The photographs of the elegant covered furniture that Rachel has designed shows the true creativity and artistry behind what she does.
The result after cleaning half of the rug confirmed Karastan's reputation as a world leader in manufacturing elegant, machine made rugs that could withstand decades of traffic and still be restored to their original beauty.
Renaissance takes you back in history with an elegant Royal flair.Kirsch also offers their Wrought Iron Collection which incorporates old world Spanish influences with modern designer elegance.
Sterling silver candelabra and white taper candles make a bold formal and elegant statement for any tabletop decoration or mantle.
Wrought iron and metal furniture with intricate scrolls is some of the most elegant looking French style furniture, like it came right out of a French country chateau.
While you will admire the design that makes it an elegant bedroom or bathroom accessory, you will be equally pleased with its on-the-road versatility as a grooming and makeup mirror.
Learning how to apply makeup from a different angle can help you look natural and mature during the day, and elegant and beautiful at night.
Elegant and practically fit for a princess, this feminine Suzanne Vanity and Chair Set manages to squeeze a lot onto a rather small platform.
On the other side of the coin, though, are the elegant costumes that demand equally becoming makeup to look truly believable.
If you're hoping to go the flirtatious, charming fairy route, consider the elegant looks sported by Drew Barrymore in Ever After and by Michelle Pfeiffer in A Midsummer Night's Dream.
The rich gardenia note is elegant and crisp at once, and the products range from lotions to eau de toilettes for up to  percent off.
Next in line was Trish McEvoy Eye Base Essentials, a primer packaged in a sleek, elegant tube with a sponge wand applicator.
If you want to add some sparkle to a traditional makeup palette, skip the neutrals and grab the gold eye shadow for a look that is elegant and ethereal.
Whether you want to add some pizzazz to your look for an elegant special occasion, or just want to have some fun dappling in a metallic eye color, here's a few tips for extending this rich earthen color to your eyes without looking garish.
Whether the theme of your prom is modern or traditional, elegant prom makeup can pull the entire look together and give you that "special occasion" look!
Defining an elegant dress might include details such as beading, lace, long flowing layers and even a gathered waist, but what exactly helps a girl achieve elegant prom makeup?
Take the samples home and experiment to find the one you like best that achieves the elegant prom makeup look you are trying to achieve.
If you're looking for an eco-friendly, elegant looking iPad cover, you're hard pressed to find a better option than the Pelcor Cork iPad Cover.
Each cover has an elegant, one-of-a-kind look (due to natural variations in the material), making it ideally suited for people who will use it in professional settings.
Because the French take their food very seriously, French cuisine is far more diverse than the cream- or wine-based sauces and elegant pastries with which it is chiefly associated.
You'll also want to look for pastel vellum, patterned paper with glittery accents, shimmery ribbons, and metallic colored eyelets to give your pages an elegant and sophisticated look.
Perhaps you favored cute and contemporary embellishments when you started scrapbooking, but now your style is much more elegant and traditional.
This type of simple table setting doesn't work for an elaborate dinner entree, which is best pictured in an elegant candlelight setting.
Prom dresses can give you an exotic look or a simple, elegant look to make you feel special on prom night.
For personal or religious reasons, you may just prefer to look modest and elegant instead of wearing a dress that leaves nothing to the imagination.
If you want to make a grand entrance at the dance, nothing looks quite so elegant as a long white formal.
If shopping for dresses and trying them on in a store isn't for you, the Internet also has many dress shops that sell fun, flirty and elegant petite formal dresses for any occasion.
A saucy bolero, elegant shawl, faux fur wrap or even a well placed neck scarf can conceal a plunging neckline or back to make a gown more modest.
Flattering all body shapes and styles in the most elegant and graceful manner, Tiffany prom dresses are a popular choice when seeking out a unique fabric or trendy cut in a special occasion gown.
Some of these dresses hold the body tight, others seem to float and envelop the body in an elegant cloud, but all are eye catching.
Options worth considering are the Side Gather Dress, and elegant one-shoulder number, and the Compact Jersey Dress, a form-fitting creation.
With an elegant crimped fabric, a criss-cross front and a delicate black buckle, this entire look is softly feminine; perfect for prom night!
The hair style category itself is filled with various do's, both up and elegant, and down and luxurious, that you may want to try out for the big night.
If you’re really looking to turn heads at your prom, a dress with a vintage feel is sophisticated and elegant.
The accessories a bride chooses can turn even a plain dress into an elegant outfit perfect for an informal wedding.
Informal wedding dresses can be just as lovely and elegant as any formal gown, and they can be much less expensive and easier to manage for a destination wedding, beach celebration, or casual wedding.
Ribbons can make an elegant and engaging look on chairs or tables; they can even be used to mark off walkways.
Even if you choose not to personalize the glasses, pick out elegant ones and place them at the head table for each attendant.
Luckily, there are plenty of options for everyone, from someone who wants an elegant experience to someone who wants to don blue suede shoes for the ceremony.
This will make an elegant focal point for the room and ornaments can follow the theme or color scheme of your wedding.
In the center of each wreath, place a thick, colorful round holiday candle which will be lit just before the reception begins, giving the room an elegant glow.
A thick satin dress or one made of white velvet or velour would rival those summer styles and in fact, may even look more elegant and formal.
The dogs were inside, potted flowers lined the aisles and a pond provided an elegant backdrop to the ceremony that was about to take place.
An invitation can let guests know whether to expect an elegant and formal affair, or a wild and crazy party.
