
She grew confused, glanced round, and, seeing the doll she had thrown down on one of the tubs, picked it up.
The longer the French remained the more these forms of town life perished, until finally all was merged into one confused, lifeless scene of plunder.
His lifemate's expressive eyes prevented her from appearing composed; she had looked either frightened or confused during their short interaction.
There was a man behind the fierce face, and she'd only confused herself more by spending the night with him!
I'm sure the poor darlin' is as confused as a mouse in a maze but I'm sorry it's put you two on the outs with each other.
Everything in the room radiated some sort of subtle energy, and she waded through the energies, marveling and confused by them.
The old count, suddenly setting to work, kept passing from the yard to the house and back again, shouting confused instructions to the hurrying people, and flurrying them still more.
And she walked away without another word, confused as to why she had wanted him to say there was more to why he chose her than because it was his duty.
The highland region of northern Albania is divided into two portions by the lower course of the Drin; the mountains of the northern portion, the Bieska Malziis, extend in a confused and broken series of ridges from Scutari to the valleys of the Ibar and White Drin; they comprise the rocky group of the Prokletia, or Accursed Mountains, with their numerous ramifications, including Mount Velechik, inhabited by the Kastrat and Shkrel tribes, Bukovik by the Hot, Golesh by the Klement, Skulsen ( ft.), Baba Vrkh (about  ft.), Maranay near Scutari, and the Bastrik range to the east.
These fibre-tracheids are easily confused on superficial view with the true wood-fibres belonging to the parenchymatous system; but their pits are always bordered, though in the extreme type they are reduced to mere slits in the wall.
In the assertion of their national aspirations, confused as these were with the new democratic ideals, the Magyars had had the support of the German democrats who temporarily held the reins of power in Vienna.
But his handling of it is clumsy and confused; and he does not make it sufficiently clear why the law of nature should be obeyed.
But while thus seeking for hidden meanings, are we not in danger of missing what lies on the surface, namely, that the Simon Magus of the Clementine romance is a portrait of Simon of Gitta, after he had been confused with the Simon of Acts?
These basins or ` longitudinal folds ' are enclosed on the south by the long high ridge of dark slates, which extends parallel to the crystalline [main] chain from the neighbourhood of Sukhum-Kale to the Krestovaya Gora [pass of Darial.] Behind this slate crest spreads a confused multitude of hills, Jurassic and Cretaceous in their formation..
The political situation became still more confused when on the death of the third regent, General Kosta Protich, the government tried to force the regency to accept in his stead M Pashich, the leader of the Radical party.
Apparently an early version of Bran the Blessed, (not to be confused with Brian Blessed) and clearly cognate with Beli.
It seems to me that the great difficulty of writing is to make the language of the educated mind express our confused ideas, half feelings, half thoughts, when we are little more than bundles of instinctive tendencies.
Pierre himself grew still more confused, blushed like a child till tears came to his eyes, began looking about him uneasily, and an awkward pause followed.
The horses showered the fine dry snow on the faces of those in the sleigh--beside them sounded quick ringing bells and they caught confused glimpses of swiftly moving legs and the shadows of the troyka they were passing.
When the crowd collected round him he seemed confused, but at the demand of the tall lad who had pushed his way up to him, he began in a rather tremulous voice to read the sheet from the beginning.
First there were the natural sciences, themselves only just emerging from a confused conception of their true method; especially those which studied the borderland of physical and mental phenomena, the medical sciences; and pre-eminently that science which has since become so popular, the science of biology.
Artists have been known to use the left hand in the hope of checking the fatal facility which practice had conferred on the right; and if Hood had been able to place under some restraint the curious and complex machinery of words and syllables which his fancy was incessantly producing, his style would have been a great gainer, and much real earnestness of object, which now lies confused by the brilliant kaleidoscope of language, would have remained definite and clear.
Yet it would seem there had been a still higher pitch used in the old ecclesiastical music. Upon this interesting question Praetorius is confused and difficult to understand, but he never wavers about the transposition of a fourth.
As this fast falls in the early part of the year, it became confused with the season, and gradually the word Lent, which originally meant spring, was confined to this use.
Moreover, under piaculum are confused purification, propitiations and expiations; Smith's contention that purifications, whose magical character he recognizes but interprets as late, are not sacrificial, is far from conclusive.
He found there, as he subsequently explained, the most confused ideas current as to the aims of the Allies in the war, and deliberate perversions circulated by enemy agents.
Arbuthnot must not be confused with his contemporary and namesake, the Edinburgh printer, who produced the first edition of Buchanan's History of Scotland in .
Along the south coast of the Caspian this line of elevation is prolonged as the Elburz range(not to be confused with the Elburz of the Caucasus), and has its culminating point in Demavend, which rises to , ft.
Tradition has probably confused Benjamite risings with Absalom's misguided enterprise; the parts played by Shimei and Meribbaal, at all events, are extremely suggestive.
In external characters the Hirudinea are unmistakable and not to be confused with other Annelids, except perhaps with the Bdellodrilidae, which resemble them in certain particulars.
Oncken, to take the extreme of condemnation, looks upon him as a bad physiocrat and a confused thinker, while Leon Say considers that he was the founder of modern political economy, and that "though he failed in the th century he triumphed in the  th."
He had been bred by his father in a great veneration for the syllogistic logic as an antidote against confused thinking.
The Norway spruce seems to have been the "Picea" of Pliny, but is evidently often confused by the Latin writers with their "Abies," the Abies pectinate of modern botanists.
In Late Latin there was a tendency to this spirant pronunciation which appears as early as the beginning of the nd century A.D.; by the rd century b and consonantal u are inextricably confused.
The government of the Jurisdiction was of the strictest Puritan type, and although the forty-five "blue laws" which the Rev. Samuel Peters, in his General History of Connecticut, ascribed to New Haven were much confused with the laws of the other New England colonies and some were mere inventions, yet many of them, and others equally "blue," were actually in operation as enactments or as court decisions in New Haven.
With the frequent remarriages of the heiresses of the kingdom, relationships grew confused and family quarrels frequent; and when Sibylla carried the crown to Guy de Lusignan, a newcomer disliked by all the relatives of the crown, she sealed the fate of the kingdom.
From the Arabic point of view the life of Richard's rival, Saladin, is described by Beha-ud-din, a high official under Saladin, who writes a panegyric on his master, somewhat confused in chronology and partial in its sympathies, but nevertheless of great value.
Manget's Bibliotheca chemica curiosa (), are confused productions, written in an allegorical style, but full of phrases and even pages taken literally from the Greek alchemists, and citing by name various authorities of Greek alchemy.
The name is celebrated in Arabian tradition, but the statements regarding them are confused and conflicting, and for historical purposes are practically worthless, as has been proved by Th.
The second series can be further divided  This must not be confused with the modern acetyl, CH CO, which at that time was known as acetoxyl.
Ethical and operatic points of view are similarly confused when it is asserted that the Flying Dutchman can be saved by a faithful woman, though it appears from the relations between Senta and Erik that so long as the woman is faithful to the Dutchman it does not matter that she jilts some one else.
The official surnames must not, of course, be confused with the popular nicknames which were naturally not recognized by the court, e.g.
The first shock was repulsed, but a French column penetrated in the dark between two regiments of the British and a confused fight ensued in the ruins, in which the nd (Black Watch) captured a colour.
His text, however, is so confused, both from obscurity of style and from corruptions in the MSS., that there is much difference of opinion as to the meaning of many words and phrases employed in his narrative, and their application in particular points of detail.
In  the first peace overtures were made, but came to nothing; and the confused fighting of this and the following year culminated in the capture of Kanizsa by the Turks (September ).
The emperor gathered little from the confused reports of their purposeless manoeuvres, but, secure in the midst of his " battalion square " of , men, he remained quite indifferent, well knowing that an advance straight on Berlin must force his enemy to concentrate and fight, and as they would bring at most , men on to the battlefield the result could hardly be doubtful.
The latex is not to be confused with the sap of trees, on the circulation of which their nutrition depends.
The free-silver theory was now dead, and while the main question was that of the attitude to be taken towards the Trusts it was much confused by personal issues, Mr Roosevelt himself intervening strongly in favour of the Republican nominee, Mr Taft.
The name " coxal gland " needs to be carefully distinguished from " crural gland," with which it is apt to be confused.
In the domain of history we have first the old Sienese chronicles, which down to the th century are so confused that it is almost impossible to disentangle truth from fiction or even to decide the personality of the various authors.
It has frequently been confused with determinism, which, however, differs from it categorically in assigning a certain function to the will.
It was a confused four-cornered struggle between the emperor and the Turks, the Turks and Transylvania, Michael of Moldavia and Y ?
But a P is sometimes incorrectly described as " a to the power p "; the power being thus confused with the index or logarithm.
Both men and women avoided washing, but there was something of the nature of a vapour bath, with which Herodotus has confused a custom of using the smoke of hemp as a narcotic. The women daubed themselves with a kind of cosmetic paste.
No one had more to do than Retz with the outbreak of the Fronde in October , and his history for the next four years is the history of that confused and, as a rule, much misunderstood movement.
Pretorius in  resigned his Free State presidency and offering himself as mediator (not for the first time) succeeded at length in putting a period to the confused series of intestine quarrels.
A siege and blockade, with confused fighting and alternate victory and defeat, and all the horrors of fire and slaughter, followed, till Dion made himself finally master of the mainland city.
What we have called plasticity must not be confused with the notion of "softness," which means the degree of facility with which the plasticity of a metal can be discounted.
At the two extremities of New Caledonia, parallel longitudinal ranges of mountains enclose valleys; for the rest the island consists essentially of confused masses and ranges of mountains, rising to an extreme elevation of  ft., the plains being chiefly the deltas of rivers.
Hence they should not be confused with the old gild merchant, which originally comprised both merchants and artisans, and had the whole monopoly of the trade of the town.
Moreover, zinc and bismuth were confused, and the word spiauter (the modern spelter) was indiscriminately given to both these metals.
Somewhat curiously, but very naturally, Enoch the son of Cain is confused with the Enoch who was translated to heaven - an error which the author of the Old English Genesis avoids, though (according to the existing text) he confounds the names of Enoch and Enos.
This Daedalus must not be confused with Daedalus of Sicyon, a great sculptor of the early part of the th century B.C., none of whose works is extant.
The allied army was cut in two, and the last confused struggle of the three Russian columns on the Goldbach was one for liberty only.
He must not be confused with Emil Kopp (-), who, born at Warselnheim, Alsace, became in  professor of toxicology and chemistry at the Ecole superieure de Pharmacie at Strasburg, in  professor of physics and chemistry at Lausanne, in  chemist to a Turkey-red factory near Manchester, in  professor of technology at Turin, and finally, in , professor of technical chemistry at the Polytechnic of Zurich, where he died in .
Taking magnesia alba, which he distinguished from limestone with which it had previously been confused, he showed that on being heated it lost weight owing to the escape of this fixed air (named carbonic acid by Lavoisier in ), and that the weight was regained when the calcined product was made to reabsorb the fixed air with which it had parted.
The latter characteristic affords an infallible means for the recognition of these insects, since it at once serves to distinguish them from any blood-sucking flies with which they might otherwise be confused.
When parliament met they executed, for form's sake, some confused manoeuvres, and then they were beaten on an amendment to the address in favour of Municipal Allotments.
The origin of the Iwakura-yaki is somewhat obscure, and its Iwakura history, at an early date, becomes confused with that of the Awata yaki, from which, indeed, it does not materially differ.
The above must not be confused with Alexander Cunningham, British minister to Venice (-), a learned historian and author of The History of Great Britain (from  to the accession of George I.), originally written in Latin and published in an English translation after his death.
Nor was he anxious to maintain the connexion between philosophy and medicine which had for long existed in a confused and confusing fashion.'
After , when it was partly repaired by Colonel Elias Dayton, it was called by the continentals Fort Schuyler, in honour of General Philip Schuyler, and so is sometimes confused with (old) Fort Schuyler at Utica.
Outside the Church the breakup of old civilizations, the confused beginnings of medieval kingdoms, with the attendant war and rapine, the inroads of the Saracens and the rise of Islam, were all effective silencers of the pulpit.
St Hubert was carried by a confused mass of some  companies, and von Steinmetz, believing the main French position to have been pierced, ordered the th cavalry division to cross the ravine by the chaussee and pursue.
The explanation is found, so the Assyriologist assures us, in the fact that both Hebrew and Greek historians, writing at a considerable interval after the events, and apparently lacking authentic sources, confused the peaceful occupation of Babylon by Cyrus with its siege and capture by a successor to that monarch, Darius Hystaspes.
His work is known to us through thirty manuscripts; but the earliest of these cannot be dated much earlier than the year ; and all are defaced by interpolations which give to the work so confused a character that critics were long disposed to treat it as an unskilful forgery.
The earlier biographies of Garrick are by Arthur Murphy ( vols., ) and by the bookseller Tom Davies ( vols., th ed., ), the latter a work of some merit, but occasionally inaccurate and confused as to dates; and a searching if not altogether sympathetic survey of his verses is furnished by Joseph Knight's valuable Life ().
That emblem was the diadem, and al though the diadem and crown are frequently confused with each other they were quite distinct, and it is well to bear this in mind.
Finally the word (confused not unnaturally with the particle usually attached to it) was borrowed by the West, and is the origin of the English "admiral."
It would perhaps be nearer the truth to say that the secular and spiritual interests intermingled and so permeated one another that it is almost impossible to distinguish them clearly even in thought, while in practice they were so bewilderingly confused that they were never separated, and were constantly mistaken for one another.
He did a lot of research so he is not confused by the enigma of the pain that comes with the disease.
It is rarely mentioned in Roman history and often confused with Lanuvium or Lanivium in the text both of authors and of inscriptions.
Had the two divisions still kept in Japan been present Kuroki would have had the balance of force on his side, the Russian retreat would have been confused, if not actually a rout, and the war would have been ended on Japan's own terms. As it was, after another day's fighting, Kuropatkin drew off the whole of his forces in safety, sharply repulsing an attempt at pursuit made by part of the th division on the th of September.
The actual divisions of Western Christendom are the outcome, less of the purely religious influences of the Reformation period than of the political forces with which they were associated and confused.
Personally most frugal, Leo reduced taxes, made justice less costly, and was able to find money for certain public improvements; yet he left the finances more confused than he had found them, and even the elaborate jubilee of  did not really mend matters.
Hooker's operations began well, Lee was outmanoeuvred and threatened in flank and rear, but the Federals were in the end involved in the confused and disastrous battle of Chancellorsville (q.v.).
Hobbes, drew attention in particular to the confused mixture of law and narrative in the Pentateuch, the occurrence of duplicate narratives and chronological incongruities.
The notice in the Gospel, it is suggested, grew out of a confused recollection of the later (and only historical) census, and is devoid of any value whatever.
The evidence for it is not to be confused with that for the law of rapid efflorescence of groups just considered.
In these confused records of human imagination gone mad, we possess a veritable herbarium of all possible Gnostic ideas, which were once active and now rest peacefully side by side.
Cristofori (Storia dei Cardinali, ) and others have confused him with his nephew Benedetto (-), son of Michaele; who followed him in several of his preferments, was made cardinal, , by Clement VII., and is known as a writer in behalf of papal claims and as a Latin poet.
Another consequence of revived erosion is seen in the occurrence of great landslides, where the removal of weak (Permian) clays has sapped the face of the Vermilion Cliffs (Triassic sandstone), so that huge slices of the cliff face have slid down and forward a mile or two, all shattered into a confused tumult of forms for a score or more of miles along the cliff base.
Thus the Roman letters E and F are liable to be confused in capital script, but not in cursive (e, f), C, G, in capitals, c, e in the cursive writing called Caroline minuscule, c, t, in the angular cursive of the th century and later.
What is clearly erroneous or faulty may as clearly be intended, and therefore not to be removed by the critic. In Chaucer's "Miller's Tale" (, ) astromie is used for astronomie, and Noe and Noel (Christmas) confused, "Nowelis flood" ( , ), because the speaker is an illiterate carpenter.
This brief summary of the leading features of the Arthurian tradition will indicate with what confused and complex material we are here dealing.
Another disease which is sometimes confused with that caused by the Peziza is " heart-rot "; it occasionally attacks larches only ten years old or less, but is more common when the trees have acquired a considerable size, sometimes spreading in a short time through a whole plantation.
Or, again, the memory might be confused by this variety, and the verification of quotations, especially of brief ones, was difficult, not only from the comparative scarcity of the copies of books, but also because ancient books were not provided with ready means of reference to particular passages.
Fechner first confused physics and metaphysics in psychophysics, and next proceeded to confuse them again in his work on evolution (Einige Ideen zur SchOpfungs and Entwicklungs-geschichte der Organismen, ).
But natural realism, as finally interpreted by Hamilton, was too dogmatic, too unsystematic, and too confused with elements derived from Kantian idealism to withstand the brilliant criticism of Mill's Examination of Sir William Hamilton's Philosophy (), a work which for a time almost persuaded us that Nature as we know it from sensations is nothing but permanent possibilities of sensation, and oneself only a series of states of consciousness.
Having thus confused contradiction and difference, independence and solitariness, experience and inference, Bradley is able to deduce finally that reality is not different substances, experienced and inferred, as Aristotle thought it, but is one absolute super-personal experience, to which the socalled plurality of things, including all bodies, all souls, and even a personal God, is appearance - an appearance, as ordinarily understood, self-contradictory, but, as appearing to one spiritual reality, somehow reconciled.
There has been considerable discussion as to whether he was the immediate successor of Aristo, but the evidence is confused and unprofitable.
He was confused with Pan, Sabazios, Men and Adonis, and there were resemblances between the orgiastic features of his worship and that of Dionysus.
This document, which confused the political problem with the theological, was bound to envenom the quarrel between emperor and pope beyond all remedy.
In the reaction that followed the chaos of the Revolutionary epoch men turned to the papacy as alone giving a foothold of authority in a confused and quaking world.
Latimer, however, besides possessing sagacity, quick insight into character, and a ready and formidable wit which thoroughly disconcerted and confused his opponents, had naturally a distaste for mere theological discussion, and the truths he was in the habit of inculcating could scarcely be controverted, although, as he stated them, they were diametrically contradictory of prevailing errors both in The only reasons for assigning an earlier date are that he was commonly known as " old Hugh Latimer," and that Bernher, his Swiss servant, states incidentally that he was " above threescore and seven years " in the reign of Edward VI.
C. Oersted (st July ) were still in  apprehended in a somewhat confused manner even by the foremost men of science.
Georgi of Rimini (-) in his Alphabetum tibetanum (Rome, , to), a ponderous and confused compilation, which may be still referred to, but with great caution.
There is great difficulty, due to a confused statement of Suidas, in disentangling the works and even the personalities of these Philostrati.
In the original myth the Harlungs, who are not to be confused with the Hartung brothers, were sent to bring home Surya, the bride of the sky-god, Irmintiu.
Thus, about , the distinction of Echinoderms from such radiate animals as jelly-fish and corals (see Coelentera), by their possession of a body-cavity ("coelom") distinct from the gut, was fully realized; while their severance from the worms (especially Gephyrea), with which some Echinoderms were long confused, had been necessitated by the recognition in all of a radial symmetry, impressed on the original bilateral symmetry of the larva through the growth of a special division of the coelom, known as the "hydrocoel," and giving rise to a set of water-bearing canals - the watervascular or ambulacral system.
Miss Sullivan, who knows her pupil's mind, selects from the passing landscape essential elements, which give a certain clearness to Miss Keller's imagined view of an outer world that to our eyes is confused and overloaded with particulars.
When she spells "milk," she points to the mug, and when she spells "mug," she makes the sign for pouring or drinking, which shows that she has confused the words.
The reason that we do not observe this process in ordinary children is, because we seldom observe them at all, and because they are fed from so many sources that the memories are confused and mutually destructive.
Though she came upon the count in his dressing gown every day, he invariably became confused and begged her to excuse his costume.
He left in order not to obstruct the commander-in-chief's undivided control of the army, and hoping that more decisive action would then be taken, but the command of the armies became still more confused and enfeebled.
The officer, Timokhin, with his red little nose, standing on the dam wiping himself with a towel, felt confused at seeing the prince, but made up his mind to address him nevertheless.
On seeing Pierre he grew confused at first, but noticing embarrassment on Pierre's face immediately grew bold and, staggering on his thin legs, advanced into the middle of the room.
The Jus pacis was an addition introduced first in the later work, an insertion which is the cause of not a little of the confused arrangement which has been found fault with in the De jure belli.
In the New Testament it denotes the native language of Palestine (Aramaic and Hebrew being popularly confused) as opposed to Greek.
They believe in a future state, and have a confused tradition respecting a deluge, from which some persons were saved on a high mountain.
Cavendish called it "inflammable air," and for some time it was confused with other inflammable gases, all of which were supposed to contain the same inflammable principle, "phlogiston," in combination with varying amounts of other substances.
It remains to be seen how knowledge can be explained on such a basis; but, before proceeding to sketch Hume's answer to this question, it is necessary to draw attention, first, to the peculiar device invariably resorted to by him when any exception to his general principle that ideas are secondary copies of impressions presents itself, and, secondly, to the nature of the substitute offered by him for that perception of relations or synthesis which even in Locke's confused statements had appeared as the essence of cognition.
David, who spent some time in the Albert Edward district, that the creature dwells in the most dense parts of the primeval forest, where there is an undergrowth of solid-leaved, swamp-loving plants, such as arum, Donax and Phrynium, which, with orchids and climbing plants, form a thick and confused mass of vegetation.
He suggests that the other and larger diamond of antiquity which was given to Shah Jahan may be one which is now in the treasury of Teheran, and that this is the true Great Mogul which was confused by Tavernier with the one he saw.
The fragments which it professed to give were in themselves confused and incoherent enough, nor is it easy to believe that they all formed part of any such single and coherent design as that referred to above.
But the whole question of the Eusebian chronology is very confused and difficult, and the text of the Chronicon is not certain.
This office, not to be confused with the Reiclzsgericht (supreme legal tribunal of the empire) in Leipzig, deals principally with the drafting of legal measures to be submitted to the Reichstag.
In , while Germany was in this confused state, Hildebrand had become pope as Gregory VII., and in  he issued his famous decree against the marriage of the clergy and against their investiture by laymen.
The parliamentary discussion was very confused; the government eventually accepted an amendment giving them , for five and a half years instead of the , asked for; this was rejected by  to , the greater part of the Centre and of the Radicals voting against it.
Wace, who, while translating Geoffrey, evidently knew, and used, popular tradition, combines these two, asserting that she was of Roman parentage on the mother's side, but cousin to Cador of Cornwall by whom she was brought up. The tradition relating to Guenevere is decidedly confused and demands further study.
The flex nitive animal gods are not to be confused with the animal not ns ascribed to many cosmic deities; thus when the sun-god Osii was pictured as a scarabaeus, or dung-beetle, rolling its ball Isis lung behind it, this was certainly mere poetical imagery.
The later us/zebti-figures, little statuettes of wood, stone or faience, of which several hundreds are often found in a single tomb, are confused survivals of both of the earlier classes of statuettes.
The battle opened with a confused cavalry fight on the French right, in which individual feats of knightly gallantry were more noticeable than any attempt at combined action.
The measures taken by Alfred to repress this revolt culminated in the capture of London in  or , and the treaty known as Alfred and Guthrum's peace, whereby the boundaries of the treaty of Wedmore (with which this is often confused) were materially modified in Alfred's favour.
This relation to a "good" must not, however, be construed as a doctrine of ethics in the narrower sense; nor is its "utilitarianism" to be confused with the hedonism of the British associationists.
There are some instances in which the order of time is obviously the reverse of the order of narrative, and there are other grounds for concluding that the narrative as we now have it is confused and incomplete.
The general, Warenne, was old and feeble, Cressingham was hasty and confident; counsels were confused, the manner of attack was rash, and the rout was sanguinary.
The queen-mother married Sir James Stewart of Lorne, and their sons, Buchan and Atholl, mixed in the confused intrigues of the reign of James III., but the queen was treated with scant courtesy by the rival parties.
Mar never crossed the Forth, and the command of Mackintosh, who did, was captured, with his Northumbrian cavaliers, at Preston, on the very day (th of November) when Argyll foiled Mar in the confused battle of Sheriffmuir.
Nothing else is known of his life; he is frequently confused with others of the same name, and it is uncertain which of the works bearing the name Leontius are really by him.
The general result has been to show that a mythological marksman and an impossible bailiff bearing the name of a real family have been joined with confused and distorted reminiscences of the events of -, in which the names of many real persons have been inserted and many unauthenticated acts attributed to them.
There can be little doubt that the story told there of the reconquest of Northern Mercia by Edmund refers to the compact with Anlaf, made as a result of the campaign, and it is probable that Simeon's statement is a wide exaggeration, due in part at least to a confused reminiscence of the earlier pact between Alfred and Guthrum.
Starting from the confused grouping on the southern frontier of the two great chains and some transverse ranges, they run nearly north by east to the Colombian frontier where another " knot " or junction occurs.
They are addressed to a people whose mental processes and philosophy were primitive; and since teaching, in order to be communicable, must adapt itself to current beliefs of God, man and nature - and the inveterate conservatism of man must be born in mind - the trend of ideas must not be confused with the average standard of thought. ?
Stretching south-eastwards from the delta of the Irrawaddy, a confused succession of little explored ranges separates the Burmese division of Tenasserim from the native kingdom of Siam.
The northern side rests on confused ranges, running with a general direction of east to west, and known in the aggregate as the Vindhya mountains.
The main source of supply at the present time is the confused mass of hills which forms the north-east boundary of British India, from Assam to Burma.
The zamindar seemed a solvent person, capable of keeping a contract; and his official position as tax-collector was confused with the proprietary rights of an English landlord.
In the confused years which followed, he managed with the aid of plundering bands to form a kingdom on the ruins of the Nanda dynasty in Magadha or Behar ( B.C.).
To say, however, that Clarke simply confused mathematics and morals by justifying the moral criterion on a mathematical basis is a mistake.
A son of Mahommed the Alid had escaped to India, where,  This Hashimiya near Kufa is not to be confused with that founded by Abul-Abbas near Anbar.
These three sciences, of the objects of mind, of the operations of mind, of the processes used in the inferences of mind, are differently, but closely related, so that they are constantly confused.
But this description applies more specially to the larger and principal volume; in the smaller one the system is more confused, the execution less perfect.
The smaller the hole (so far at least as geometrical optics is concerned) the less confused will the picture be.
On or in this confused mass many of the inhabitants were saved from drowning, only to be burned alive when it caught fire.
Moreover, it is a human weakness to manipulate one's ancestry, and the common claim to be descended from the local godling is not to be confused with the Arunta type of reincarnation. Again, in the part taken by women in serpent-lore other problems of primitive society and religion intermingle.
Either two sounds are confused under one symbol, or these records represent a dialect which, like Hebrew and Assyrian, shows sh, z, and c, where the ordinary Aramaic representation is t, d, and t, the Arabic tic, dh, and th.
But many suppose that the tradition arose from confused remembrance of the use by a later author of Luke's " we " document or travel-diary.
The picture thus presented by Hindu society - as made up of a confused congeries of social groups of the most varied standing, each held together and kept separate from others by a traditional body of ceremonial rules and by the notion of social gradations being due to a divinely instituted order of things - finds something like a counterpart in the religious life of the people.
As in the social sphere, so also in the sphere of religious belief, we find the whole scale of types represented from the lowest to the highest; and here as there, we meet with the same failure of welding the confused mass into a well-ordered whole.
After  industrial conditions were confused and temporarily set greatly backward by strikes and lockouts in the mines, particularly in , - and -, several times threatening civil war and necessitating the establishment of martial law.
The Cameronites (not to be confused with the Scottish sect called Cameronians) are moderate Calvinists, and approach to the opinion of the Arminians.
It is quite possible that later events which belong to the time of the Egyptian supremacy and the wars of Esarhaddon have been confused with the history of Sennacherib's invasion.
Secondly, notions are all drawn from the impressions of the sense, and are indefinite and confused, whereas they should be definite and distinctly bounded.
The details of his life are unknown, insomuch that he has frequently been confused with a Christian philosopher of the same name.
Dr Lea is probably right in suggesting that it was a confused recollection of these decrees which prompted one of Cranmer's judges to assure him that "his children were bondmen to the see of Canterbury."
They are distinguished from the Carians, with whom some later writers confused them; they have a king Altes, and a town Pedasus which was sacked by Achilles.
He was ignorant of the rules of grammar, confused genders and cases, and wrote in the vernacular Latin of his time, apart from certain passages which are especially elaborated and filled with poetical and elegant expressions.
In  he founded the Egyptian Research Account, which in  was reconstituted as the British School of Archaeology in Egypt (not to be confused with the Egypt Exploration Fund, founded ).
This ray, named by Abbe a " principal ray " (not to be confused with the " principal rays " of the Gaussian theory), passes through the centre of the entrance pupil before the first refraction, and the centre of the exit pupil after the last refraction.
Hence he was already by Gennadius of Marseilles (before ) confused with Jacob, bishop of Nisibis; and the ancient Armenian version of nineteen of the homilies has been published under this latter name.
The lobed shape of its leaf and its dense foliage caused it to be confused with the true sycamore - Ficus sycamorus - of scripture.
The evidence as to the military post filled by Juvenal is curious, when taken in connexion with the confused tradition of his exile in a position of military importance.
In fact, the geological axis seldom coincides with the line of highest elevation, nor must it be confused with the main lines of water-divide of the Himalaya.
J Y Y explored from Lhasa to the sources of the Brahmaputra and Indus, at the conclusion of the Tibetan mission in , conclusively prove that Mount Everest, which appears from the Tibetan plateau as a single dominating peak, has no rival amongst Himalayan altitudes, whilst the very remarkable investigations made by permission of the Nepal durbar from peaks near Kathmandu in , by Captain Wood, R.E., not only place the Everest group apart from other peaks with which they have been confused by scientists, isolating them in the topographical system of Nepal, but clearly show that there is no one dominating and continuous range indicating a main Himalayan chain which includes both Everest and Kinchinjunga.
Estimates of area vary widely and have been considerably confused by repeated losses of territory in boundary disputes with neighbouring states, and no figures can be given which may not be changed to some extent by further revisions.
North-east of Lake Titicaca there is a confused mass or knot (the Nudo de Apolobamba) of lofty intersecting ridges which include some of the highest peaks in South America.
Between these and the Cordillera Oriental is an apparently confused mass of broken, intersecting ranges, which on closer examination are found to conform more or less closely to the two outside ranges.
Further, Rumania was on the point of intervening in order to secure herself against the consequences of Bulgarian aggrandisement, and the internal politics of Turkey became more confused than ever.
And in the confused and contradictory accounts of his actions (for the story in Jordanes cannot be reconciled with the accounts in Olympiodorus and the chroniclers), we can see something of this principle at work throughout.
Historians have sometimes confused her with Maud (or Matilda),the emperor Conrad II.'s daughter, to whom Henry was affianced in , but who died before the marriage.
But Justin Martyr was decidedly weak in history, and it is not unreasonable to suppose that he may have confused the Simon of Acts with a heretical leader of the same name who lived much nearer to his own time, especially as this other Simon also had a great reputation for magic. A full century must have elapsed between the conversion of Simon Magus to Christianity and the earliest date possible (which is the one that we have adopted) for the composition of Justin Martyr's First Apology.
These Bangala are not to be confused with the Bangala of the Kwango, also cannibals, who in marauding bands under leaders styled Jaga were devastating the country in the days of the early Portuguese settlements in the Congo regions.
In fact, this error of the author alone is proof positive that he must have lived at a very late period, when the record of most of the earlier historical events had become hopelessly confused and perverted.
A portrait of a Florentine lady, said to have been painted for Giuliano de' Medici and seen afterwards in France, may also have been done at Rome; or may what we learn of this be only a confused account of the Monna Lisa?
In Socrates and Plato, on the other hand, the start is made from a consideration of man's moral and intellectual activity; but knowledge and action are confused with one another, as in the Socratic doctrine that virtue is knowledge.
He has been claimed as a martyr, and as such his name is given in the Roman calendar and elsewhere, but his title to this honour is by no means proved, and he has been probably confused with another bishop of the same name.
That battle, and the subsequent years of confused fighting, established British military supremacy in Bengal, and procured the treaties of , by which the provinces of Bengal, Behar and Orissa passed under British administration.
This litany has often been confused with the litania major, introduced at Rome in J (vide supra), but is quite distinct from it.'
From the Hungarian and Russian sources, which are somewhat more precise, the date of the arrival of Dragosh, who is confused with the historical Bogdan Voda (-), appears to have been , and his departure from Marmaros was carried out in defiance of his Hungarian suzerain.
Vacarescu were published in ; but among them were some of the poems of Ianache and Alecu, which were confused with his own work.
In northern Ecuador the Andes narrows into a single massive range which has the character of a confused mass of peaks and ridges on the southern frontier of Colombia.
The confused and legendary notices of the journeyings of  These were at first simple huts, built for the mendicants in some grove of palm-trees as a retreat during the rainy season; but they gradually increased in splendour and magnificence till the decay of Buddhism set in.
It is thus demonstrable that the material for our Grail legend, in its present form, existed long anterior to any extant text, and there is no improbability in holding that a confused tradition of pagan mysteries which had assumed the form of a popular folk-tale, became finally Christianized by combination with an equally popular ecclesiastical legend, the point of contact being the vessel of the common ritual feast.
The late Professor Heinzel's Die alt franzosischen GralRomane contains a mass of valuable matter, but is very confused and ill-arranged.
These notices do not, for the most part, square particularly well with the fragmentary British narrative that can be patched together from Gildass lamentable book, or the confused story of Nennius.
The question of the kings divorce soon became inextricably confused with another problem, whose first beginnings go back En,gland to a slightly earlier date.
Pitt, Grey, Lord Sheffield, all plunged into confused and angry debate as to whether the French Revolution was a good thing, and whether the French Revolution, good or bad, had anything to do with the Quebec Bill.
The Armenians are equally strict; but (adds Rycaut) " the times seem so confused and without rule that they can scarce be recounted, unless by those who live amongst them, and strictly observe them, it being the chief care of the priest, whose learning principally consists in knowing the appointed times of fasting and feasting, the which they never omit on Sundays to publish unto the people."
It is fundamentally necessary, in order to avoid such floundering, that the "knowledge" of things sensible should be kept distinct from the "knowledge" of things spiritual; yet in practice they are constantly confused.
According to his report, " the mind " always obliges us to suppose Something beyond positive phenomena to which the phenomena must be attributed; but he was perplexed by this " confused negative " idea.
No one (if unsophisticated) ever confused the conception of pleasure with the conception of the Good, or thought that the claims of selfish interest were identical with those of duty.
Moreover, the two-walls - Imgur-Bel, the inner wall, and Nimitti-Bel, the outer - which enclosed the city proper on the site of the older Babylon have been confused with the outer ramparts (enclosing the whole of Nebuchadrezzar's city), the remains of which can still be traced to the east.
North of the Buttauf is a confused hill country, the spurs falling towards a broad valley which lies at the foot of the mountains of Upper Galilee.
It is not to be confused with Gordiou-kome, refounded as Juliopolis, a Bithynian town on a small tributary of the Sangarius, about  m.
It has been confused with a peak to the west of it called Gaurisankar (by Schlagintweit), which is more than  ft.
At the age of twenty he was a "Liberal," an enemy of the Bourbons and of the treaties of ; but he was dominated by the cult of the emperor, and for him the liberal ideal was confused with the Napoleonic.
Marco Polo has a chapter upon « „ it, and terms it Madagascar, but his accounts are confused with those of the mainland of Africa.
On the other hand, the Artemis of Arcadia, who is confused with the nymph Callisto, who, again, is said to have become a she-bear, and later a star, and the Brauronian Artemis, whose maiden ministers danced a bear-dance, are goddesses whose legend seems unnatural, .and is felt to need explanation.
So confused and inconsistent are the mythical answers that it is very difficult to classify them according to any system.
Of Huitzilopochtli, the famed god, Sahagun says that he was a necromancer, loved " shapeshifting," like Odin, metamorphosed himself into animal forms, was miraculously conceived, and, among animals, is confused with the humming-bird, whose feathers adorned his statues."
The capitals of these four kingsCharibert, who died in , Guntram, Sigebert and Chilpericwere Paris, Orleans, Reims and Soissons all near one another and north of the Loire, where the Germanic inhabitants predominated; but their respective boundaries were so confused that disputes were inevitable.
The parlement, which had confused political power with judiciary administration, was given to understand, in the session of April , , at Vincennes, that the era of political manifestations was over; and the money expended by Gourville, Mazarins agent, restored the members of the parlement to docility.
Since the Saxons (Old Saxons) of later times were an inland people, one can hardly help suspecting either that the two nations have been confused or, what is more probable, that a considerable mixture of population, whether by conquest or otherwise, had taken place.
In order to form an adequate estimate of the stride made by Galileo in natural philosophy, it would be necessary to enumerate the confused and erroneous opinions prevailing on all such subjects in his time.
Especially interesting is the De natura rerum ad Sisebutum  With Isidore of Alexandria has been confused an Isidore of Gaza, mentioned by Photius.
From their first appearance in literature, they are already often identified or confused with them, and are distinguished only by their Asiatic origin and by the more pronouncedly orgiastic nature of their rites.
The chronology, however, of Aurelian's reign is very confused, and the abandonment of Dacia is placed by some authorities towards its close.
On the other hand, as the observer recedes from the object, the apparent size, and also the image on the retina diminishes; details become more and more confused, and gradually, after a while, disappear altogether, and ultimately the external configuration of the object as a whole is no longer recognizable.
Modern scholars, however, for the most part, deny that there is sufficient basis to justify this elaborate classification, and think that its advocates have confused the catechumenate with the system of penance.
It is only of late years that criticism has tended to revert to the standpoint of Muller and Leichtlen and to recognize in the story of the Nibelungen as a whole a misty and confused tradition of real events and people.
Then the word which means "fetched" is confused with the word which means "bored," and gains the sense of "robbed."
Darian watched the confused Grey God leave, never imagining he'd deal daily with this type of drama in addition to managing the battles against the vamps in the western hemisphere.
Darian glared at the confused young man and said, "I promise, Dusty, I'll take care of the girls even after the Black God kills you."
Chemical Nutrition Pro glutamine is made from only the purest glutamine available and is not to be confused with inferior glutamine products.
An ad impression is not to be confused with a page view since several ads may reside on one page.
Aircraft - which can use iridium providing they don't exceed about Mach  at which point the orbiting satellites, can get confused!
It is a factor that makes people lethargic and mentally confused, with an inability to concentrate and short-term memory loss.
A confused melodrama that loses itself in it's own pretentions, but remains memorable for the stunning sets, music and photography.
The comet should not be confused with another that recently looped around the Sun and that also bore a NEAT moniker.
I sense that the many people who frequent this website will turn away, confused by the plethora of quoted texts.
It is often confused with a very tiny red spider which gathers in huge numbers on the underside of leaves for mating purposes.
The dull roar of the traffic which converged all day upon London Bridge had died away now to a mere confused murmur.
The problem is that it could be confused with other sea slugs of the same genus, especially the common species Doto coronata.
Six species of owl are found here, including Scops whose call has been confused with that of the midwife toad.
This sentiment of justice is at first confused, uncertain and almost instinctive - is, as it were, a divine and religious inspiration instilled by Heaven into the primitive tribes of the earth.
As secretary to the conclave which assembled in the monastery of San Giorgio Maggiore at Venice, Consalvi had the difficult task of corresponding with the various governments and organizing the assembly at a time when the Revolution had confused all issues and reduced the individual cardinals to beggary.
Thus it is suggested that Barabra is a real ethnical name, confused later with Greek and Roman barbarus, and revived in its proper meaning subsequent to the Moslem conquest.
The confused story of Philochorus and Plutarch, by which  citizens were disfranchised or even sold into slavery in , when an Egyptian prince sent a largess of corn, may refer to a subsequent application of Pericles' law, though probably on a much milder scale than is here represented.
Thus the most prominent subdivision of the older school, the Taittiriyas, in their Samhita, have treated the main portion of the ceremonial in this promiscuous fashion, and to add to the confusion they have, by way of supplement, put forth a so-called Taittiriya-brahmana, which, so far from being a real Brahmana, merely deals with some additional rites in the same confused mixture of sacrificial formulae and dogmatic explanations.
This treatise must not be confused with the Natural History of Religion, in which Hume acts as a pioneer for comparative religion, with its study of facts.
He prepares the way, too, for a doctrine of evolution by his monistic idea of the substantial similarity of all things, inorganic and organic, bodily and spiritual, and still more by his conception of a perfect gradation of existence from the lowest " inanimate " objects, whose essential activity is confused representation, up to the highest organized beingman - with his clear intelligence.'
Beyond this he spoke of a land called Thule, which, if his estimate of the length of the longest day is correct, may have been Shetland, but was possibly Iceland; and from some confused statements as to a sea which could not be sailed through, it has been assumed that Pytheas was the first of the Greeks to obtain direct knowledge of the Arctic regions.
Poverty of expression is apt to cloak the real spirit of primitive prayer, and the formula under which its aspirations may be summed up, namely, "Blessings come, evils go," covers all sorts of confused notions about a grace to be acquired and an impurity to be wiped away, which, as far back as our clues take us, invite interpretations of a decidedly spiritualistic and ethical order.
He ordered Jerusalem to be rebuilt (see Jerusalem) under the name of Aelia Capitolina, and made his way through Arabia to Egypt, where he restored  The chronology of Hadrian's journeys - indeed, of the whole reign - is confused and obscure.
Popular passion confused the issues, and raged as violently against the substitution of the surplice for the Geneva gown in the pulpit as against the revival of the "mass vestments."
It is convenient to introduce the function =log =log (Q / q) +  () so that the polygon representing  conformally has a boundary given by straight lines parallel to the coordinate axes; and then to determine S and w as functions of a variable u (not to be confused with the velocity component of q), such that in the conformal representation the boundary of the and w polygon is made to coincide with the real axis of u.
There is nothing in the matter or the style of the Historia to preclude us from supposing that Geoffrey drew partly upon confused traditions, partly on his own powers of invention, and to a very slight degree upon the accepted authorities for early British history.
This latter theory, which in many cases is equivalent to personification, though it may be, like animism, a feature of the philosophy of peoples of low culture, should not be confused with it.
The Lord High Steward of England, who must not be confused with the Lord Steward, ranks as the first of the great officers of state.
The distinctive mark of the clergy (at least of the more dignified) has been the tippet or scarf above mentioned, a broad band of black silk worn stole-wise, but not to be confused with the stole, since it has no liturgical significance and was originally no more than part of the clerical outdoor dress (see Stole).
The truth of the new doctrine is proved by accumulated instances of God's working in nature and in history; the objections of opponents, whether advanced in good faith or in jest, are controverted by arguments; but the demonstration is often confused or even weak.
Antony Bek must not be confused with his kinsman and namesake, Antony Bek (-), who was chancellor and dean of Lincoln cathedral, and became bishop of Norwich after a disputed election in .
The confused reign of Stephen was naturally favourable to the development of Cymric liberty, and with such strong princes as Owen, son of Griffith ap Cynan, heir to the throne of Gwynedd, and with Griffith ap Rhys ruling at Dynevor, the prospects of the Cymry grew brighter.
Among starlings, the Indian mynah (generally the house mynah, Acridotheres tristis, but some other species seem to have been confused with this) has been naturalized in the Andamans, Seychelles, Reunion, Australia, Hawaii and parts of New Zealand.
One was snatched out before my eyes... and there were women who had their things snatched off and their earrings torn out... he flushed and grew confused.
I have read on some posts that it may have something to do with MCE getting confused with signals from transmitters and the EPG.
Because the order of Chinese names are pronounced in the reverse of many other cultures, including American names, those unfamiliar with this Chinese tradition often become confused regarding which name is the actual surname.
As they try to adjust to their newly found skills and desire for independence, they often become confused and frustrated.
Before buying a TV, you should do a little research on high-def televisions because most salesmen use techie-talk and you don't want to feel confused as you ask those questions you think you should ask.
With such a wide array of music instruments available, if you feel at all confused about your purchase, then seek expert opinions.
What may be adorable in a four ounce kitten is less adorable in a fifteen pound cat, so don't encourage rough play with people, or you'll have a confused cat when he grows up and suddenly no one wants to play-fight with him any more.
Understand what your obligations are as a consumer, and be sure to ask questions of customer service if there is anything you are confused about.
If these are not consistent, kids become confused and may turn to peers or negative role models for clarification, which could lead to deviant behavior.
Instead of these battles making children feel wanted, chances are that children may be confused and emotionally hurt by divorcing parents.
Like other elements of divorce, child custody can cause a lot of confused apprehension for parents as well as children.
He may take his father's side and then you have two people working against you, or he may become depressed and confused because he doesn't understand why you are saying such horrible things about someone he loves so much.
Not to be confused with the more complex eco village, an eco community develops around just one thing, the preservation of valuable green space.
Every magazine and television show these days on health mentions the word antioxidant, but many people remain confused about what antioxidants are and how they benefit health.
Black cohosh should not be used in conjunction with, nor confused with, blue cohosh, Cimicifuga foetida, sheng ma, white banberry or bugbane.
You might be more sensitive to things other people say or lose your temper more often, and you might be confused about the signals your body is sending you.
It's considered improper etiquette to have elaborately engraved cards printed up, as the recipient can become confused as to whether it's an announcement or invitation.
My husband and I made a trip to the bowling alley followed by the other attendants and a few confused guests.
However, do not send them before the actual date of the wedding or they may inadvertently be confused for invitations.
It is best to err on the side of caution when it comes to wearing white to a wedding, especially a white dress that might somehow be confused as a wedding dress.
Though Affleck worked as a child actor, he's better know for more grown-up roles in such movies as School Ties, Dazed and Confused and Mallrats.
