
The guinea-fowl likes to hide her nest in out-of-the-way places, and it was one of my greatest delights to hunt for the eggs in the long grass.
The main point, however, was that they flew, and flew swiftly, if a bit unevenly, toward the rock for which they had headed.
The antidepressants didn't help that much, but maybe they were responsible for the fact that she had not lost control yet.
The strangers took their seats at the table willingly enough, for they were all hungry and the platters were now heaped with good things to eat.
But all along, they believed they would ultimately prevail—and not just win the war, but also do something epic that would change the course of history for all time.
The roar of guns, the whistling of projectiles, and the piteous moaning of the cook, which rose above the other sounds, did not cease for a moment.
Other than the fact that she and Howard had already disrupted their lives enough for her, it was comforting to have her there.
She was slicing some left over pork roast for a recipe tomorrow when Alex walked in and announced that Destiny and Jonathan were asleep.
Tonight he divided his attention between the knife and her face - no doubt waiting for her to broach the subject.
As proud as she was of Jonathan, it was Alex who stayed on her mind for a long time after the phone call.
I hate to ask you for another favor, but I wonder if I could pay you to drive me home.
She waited for him to release her, but his lips moved across her cheek and down her neck with soft caressing kisses.
Was he actually concerned about the fact that she might have been killed, or that his hideout might have been discovered in a search for her body?
Lisa started for her room to get a book to read and paused in the hallway to look at a photograph again.
After examining a rock for ants or other insects, she leaned against it, drawing in the clean smell of the forest.
When she reached for the receiver, he released it reluctantly and then lounged against the wall where he could hear her conversation.
He hadn't been his usual jocular self for the last three weeks, and now this spontaneous trip to see his parents - and inviting her along?
We'd have waited for you, but we was outnumbered three to one and didn't have time to look for you.
It took a decade or two for the new medium to be seen in light of itself, not just in terms of what it displaced.
In his first letter which came soon after he had left home, Prince Andrew had dutifully asked his father's forgiveness for what he had allowed himself to say and begged to be restored to his favor.
Next, bolts for the doors of the new building were wanted and had to be of a special shape the prince had himself designed, and a leather case had to be ordered to keep the "will" in.
From this you will see that you have a perfect right to reassure the inhabitants of Smolensk, for those defended by two such brave armies may feel assured of victory.
Thanks for the help, guys, but I agreed to take care of my team and the cooking when I signed on.
She was going to say that the bitter note in her tone was for someone who had betrayed her, but the whole world didn't need to know about their shame.
The railroad was scheduled to reach Ashley soon and there would be no need for freighting goods to the little town.
But I know for a fact that the glowing end of a cigarette butt can be seen as far away as an arrow can be shot accurately.
Your father asked me to look for you while I was out this way, and bring you home if I could.
He left us kids to fend for ourselves and now he thinks he can come back and pick up where he left off.
He watched her for a few minutes while she crawled under the wagon and pulled her blanket around her shoulders, and then he walked away.
She kept a keen eye out for the same kind of weed and was surprised at how much they found.
Accepting his proposal of marriage might be setting her up for a fall, but declining was surely something she would live to regret.
It was nice to get away for a while, but the way women acted, you'd think I was romantically involved with every one of the men.
She wanted to hate Bordeaux for what he had done, but like a shameless hussy, she still longed to hear his voice - feel his touch.
But their conversation... was an expression of love for a sibling – siblings that had apparently been through a lot together.
It's an heirloom of sorts; a big old house - too much for me to take care of and work the ranch as well.
The house sits more than a mile off the snow plow route, so sometimes I'm snowed in for a week or so.
As for reaching the top of the earth, I have never heard that it is possible to do that, and if you succeeded in getting there you would probably fall off.
And now, my friends, please to excuse My lisping and my stammers; I, for this once, have done my best, And so--I'll make my manners.
The milkers would let me keep my hands on the cows while they milked, and I often got well switched by the cow for my curiosity.
For a moment she wanted to retract the part about being entertainment, but when he spoke she realized it might have been exactly what she needed to say.
She waited for him to get a little way down the path before she slipped from her hiding place and went to the door.
The window was barely large enough for her to pass through, but she might be able to get out that way.
I could understand why he would be chasing her, but if I'd have known she'd go for a guy older than me...
I knew he and Lisa had dated for a long time, and I knew they had a falling out, but I never thought he'd try to hurt her physically.
Closing her eyes for a few precious moments, she breathed deeply and let her breath out in a long, relaxing sigh.
I can understand you not wanting to invest the money for a car, but what's wrong with accepting a ride now and then?
Roxanne had a set her cap for him and Adrienne had no intention of being the one to spoil her friends' plans.
Brandon was fortunate to have been raised by two people who cared as much about each other as they cared for him.
At times he seemed on the verge of revealing it to Adrienne, only to draw back into himself and avoid her for days.
The smoke was bothering me and I didn't want to ruin the party for all of you, so I simply walked home.
Was she merely a female to hold for the evening - or was this what he had been trying to tell her for so long?
Then they were locked in a passionate embrace, seeking and finding the love they had been pushing aside for so long.
Since they were scheduled to be too late for supper that day, it was a good excuse to eat out together.
I let our stupid house rules stand between us for a long time, but I was the one who finally broke them.
The news out and the engagement ring twinkling on her finger, it was hard for Adrienne to keep her mind on her studies - and Brandon wasn't helping much.
The highway ahead of them was clear, except for one big truck coming their way... and a car approaching the highway to their right.
A woman your age ought to be looking for a husband – or already married, not chasing all over creation in pants, trying to act like a man.
Cassie squinted into the darkness, searching for a target, but all she could see was dust and an occasional hoof.
We could take two wagons, but that would mean we'd have to travel slow, and there wouldn't be any animals for riding except Bordeaux's horse.
Saddle a mule for each person; pack all the supplies you might need on the extra mules and burn the rest of the supplies.
Cassie had to smile when Bordeaux positioned himself in a spot less than ten feet from her and pretended to settle down for the night.
He dropped to the sand and crawled the rest of the way to the top, peering over the edge before he motioned for her to continue.
One part of her mind was whispering for her to push him away, but the other side was shouting that it didn't matter.
She watched him head for the barn and wondered how he could stand being out in the cold all day.
