
Sentences
And Bellocchio cleverly weaves images and sounds, as well as news footage and old movie clips to make it all seem frighteningly authentic.
That domestic misfortune was cleverly exploited by King Milan's enemies in the country and abroad, and did him more harm than all his political mistakes.
Briefcase Digital Video Recording System This is simply a high quality leather briefcase Digital Video Recording System This is simply a high quality leather briefcase containing a cleverly concealed high-resolution color camera and high gain microphone.
Barossa Valley Nestled on the banks of Jacobs Creek, this traditional stone homestead has been cleverly crafted into a magnificent vineyard retreat.
With cleverly disguised serving, Tony followed up with fast attacking topspin from both flanks and Peter looked to be beaten.
He did it very cleverly, indeed, and the Princess looked at the strange piglets as if she were as truly astonished as any vegetable person could be.
Pelageya Danilovna began to recognize the mummers, admired their cleverly contrived costumes, and particularly how they suited the young ladies, and she thanked them all for having entertained her so well.
What many uneducated and untrained critics have failed to notice is that the author very cleverly weaves Jungian synchronicity into the very text itself.
It cleverly marked the era of pop with references to such entities as MTV, heard in 'Money For Nothing' featuring Sting, and the newly created CD and video technological capabilities.
These chrome plated storage baskets simply stick to your tiles with the use of cleverly concealed suction pads - no holes needed!
Competitors came out of the shade of the trees to be greeted by a sizeable crowd of spectators clustered around a cleverly prepared re-start.
The credits themselves are nicely displayed atop a cleverly edited montage of graphic stills depicting a couple of young women naked and blood-soaked.
But his wife, in cahoots with her lover and her servant, cleverly outwits his befuddled attempts to expose her with hilarious consequences.
Ali cleverly compares the two through Nazneen 's habit of using similes from her village upbringing to describe her London life.
All new spell casting ability allows players to morph their monkey ball, cleverly using their newfound powers to progress through the game.
For example, if you have to find a bowl or a spear, having a visual of exactly what that bowl or spear looks like makes finding the cleverly disguised items easier as they blend into a detailed background scene.
Perfect for both sophisticated formal events and more casual gatherings, black and white cakes cleverly showcase the drama of the wedding with a minimalist, stunning palette.
However, thanks to expert makeup artists, her facial and skin injuries were cleverly concealed during the finals of American Idol.
There are plenty of fake pictures floating around out there that appear to be legitimate, but are really only cleverly enhanced photos.
However, even on these cruise ships, you will find that the cruise lines have cleverly and invisibly divided the ship into adult and non-adult areas.
Four different children's areas are cleverly decorated in nautical themes and include geysers, swings, water slides, fountains, and other fun features.
Several of Aquatica's signature attractions are cleverly designed to make it appear as if guests are passing through grottos, lagoons, and pools populated with tropical fish and exotic marine life.
The basic premise behind these kinds of games is that you will be presented with a list of specific items that have been cleverly hidden within a highly detailed scene.
Afterburner is cleverly presented in -D even though the sprites are in -D and the same can be said of Sega's Outrun.
Cleverly used, rhinestones not only add glittering detail to the hair clips, but they also add a flourish of femininity to otherwise simple accessory designs.
Depending on the amount cut, an interior chop can look funky and edgy, or can cleverly add lift to flat heavy hair.
After teaming up with her best friend and stylist Ken Pave, Jessica Simpson launched a successful line of playful and trendy hair pieces cleverly named HairDo! to mimic some of her very own infamous celebrity looks.
The names of the months have been cleverly adapted to things like "Babeuary", and the photos themselves are in oversized format.
This cleverly named device runs on long-lasting lithium batteries that make it ideal for use on long trips on public transportation.
Unlike imitation diamonds such as cubic zirconia or cleverly cut quartz, artificial diamonds are real diamonds, they just form through a more controlled, supervised process.
Overall, Alex Sepkus' thoughtful metalwork results in cleverly detailed designs that are both artistic and elegant yet clearly demonstrate a more adventurous personality.
Most free online greeting card services offer musical options for card senders, allowing an otherwise plain picture (even an animated one) and a few lines of text to be accompanied by cleverly chosen lyrics.
Of course, all of these learning experiences are cleverly disguised as hands-on play areas designed to stretch the child's thinking.
Like fables, fairy tales, bible stories and nursery rhymes, most children's songs are all about learning, though the lessons are cleverly hidden, they are obvious at the end.
Clever. Many Disney tracks feature a good amount of quick words and cleverly crafted lines that viewers can revisit time and time again.
At the time of writing, casting is under way for Daisy's own VH show, the cleverly titled Daisy of Love.
Tolkien cleverly uses the construct of Bilbo's 'eleventy-first' birthday party bash to transition the tone, from the avucular jokey one he used in The Hobbit, to one more appropriate for the telling of an Epic High Fantasy Quest.
Yes, the city is infested with crime, but the cleverly named "Narrows" is a lot darker than the safer "straight" section of the city.
The paler skins from all districts in Siberia are now cleverly coloured or "topped," that is, just the tips of the hair are stained dark, and it is only an expert who can detect them from perfectly natural shades.
While the work is often cleverly done as to matching and manipulation of the pelt which is very soft, there are great objections in the odour and the brittleness or weakness of the fur.
Captain Thomas Bullitt (-), a Virginian, commanded a company under Washington at Great Meadows (July , ), was in Braddock's disastrous expedition in , and after the defeat of Major James Grant in  saved his disorganized army by a cleverly planned attack upon the pursuers.
The expedition to San Domingo reduced the republican army to a nullity; war demoralized or scattered the leaders, who were jealous of their comrade Bonaparte; and Moreau, the last of his rivals, cleverly compromised in a royalist plot, as Danton had formerly been by Robespierre, disappeared into exile.
Four apartments, cleverly labeled A, B, C, and D were visible through the grimy win­dowpane of the front door.
His seemingly generous offer to allow her an extended vacation had been nothing more than a cleverly constructed plan to keep her tied to Denton.
Their music is all swirling atmospherics and cleverly programmed drums with solid bass lines, soaring guitars and some effortless vocals.
You can retreat to the gardens, shelter in one of the conservatories, admire the vistas cleverly created by the original designer.
The design MoreySmith 's design cleverly utilizes the atrium space, glazing it over and creating a vast, new multi-functional space.
One of the advantages of decorating with the Martha Stewart Living line of home accessories is that these products are cleverly designed to coordinate with other home accents found under the Martha Stewart label.
From cleverly aimed camera angles to platforms in his shoes, Cruise and production staff have found ways to make him appear larger than life on screen.
In these lectures Duchesne touches cleverly upon the most delicate problems, and, without any elaborate display of erudition, presents conclusions of which account must be taken.
There's a chance the popup message isn't a legit system query at all, but rather works like a cleverly disguised ad that interprets any click as approval to install something malicious on your system.
From this period date most of the specimens best known outside Japan cleverly modelled figures of mythological beings and animals covered with lustrous variegated glazes, the general colors being grey or buff, with tints of green, chocolate, brown and sometimes blue.
No real opposition was offered to the proposal, and the king cleverly sketched out on the moment a plan to be adopted.
Cyrus managed very cleverly to gather a large army by beginning a quarrel with Tissaphernes, satrap of Caria, about the Ionian towns; he also pretended to prepare an expedition against the Pisidians, a mountainous tribe in the Taurus, which was never obedient to the Empire.
