
He was willing to personally alert the local police and have them check out the vehicle even without clear cut identification.
There are many ways in which a whipper-in who is not intelligent and alert may spoil sport; indeed, the duke of Beaufort went so far as to declare that "in his experience, with very few exceptions, nine days out of ten that the whipper-in goes out hunting he does more harm than good."
But that he was sufficiently alert as the principal adviser of the elector the results of his labours in that capacity amply prove.
The fever had left him, and while he looked pale beneath his cocoa skin, he was alert and his speech coherent.
She perched on the edge of one table, fidgeting hands in her lap and bright features alert as she focused on some point on the screen.
It will know everyone who is supposed to be in the house and alert you when someone else is in the house (replacing the family dog of old in whom we never fully placed our trust).
Sirian partnered with Rissa while the guards fanned out around them, one alert while the other four paired up to spar.
In woodland countries, however, a good whipper-in is really of almost as much importance as the huntsman himself; if he is not alert the hounds are likely to divide, as when running a little wide they are apt to put up a fresh fox.
The Directory, then, was in a minority in the country, and had to be ever on the alert against faction; all possible methods seemed legitimate, and during two years appeared Struggle successful.
That night, after I had hung my stocking, I lay awake a long time, pretending to be asleep and keeping alert to see what Santa Claus would do when he came.
Sunderland inherited his father's passion for intrigue, while his manners were repelling, but he stands high among his associates for disinterestedness and had an alert and discerning mind.
He kept my mind alert and eager, and trained it to reason clearly, and to seek conclusions calmly and logically, instead of jumping wildly into space and arriving nowhere.
We can still break through those in the north provided we alert our allies and pull in the southern armies, Hilden explained.
If you try to alert anyone or escape, I'll peel your skin from your bodies and watch you scream, Harmony warned.
Whether or not it translated or whether her voice was enough to alert him, all eyes fell to her before the conversation resumed.
Actually, all she wanted to do was alert him that she was nervous about it, but if it made him feel better to know she was willing to discuss intimacy with him now, then she would listen.
Some of the United States planters are alert to take advantage of the application of science to industry, and in many cases even to render active assistance, and very successful results have been attained by the co-operation of the United States Department of Agriculture and planters.
Fully alert, he listened, but heard only night noises, the ticking of the hall clock, a slight breeze, the ever-present furnace rumbling heat to the old building.
It was alert, cheerful and aggressive, was greatly helped by the attacks of rival papers, and promised success almost from the start.
He was a successful leader in guerilla warfare, alert and quick, yet cautious - a man, moreover, whose personal bravery was unquestioned.
At that moment Count Rostopchin with his protruding chin and alert eyes, wearing the uniform of a general with sash over his shoulder, entered the room, stepping briskly to the front of the crowd of gentry.
You're going to have to stay alert , make sure the blaster in front of you is fully loaded, and if you're in a bind, maybe enter a secret code to help you out in this awesome first-person shooter.
He returned to the mainland at the head of  convicts, and committed further excesses in the Terra di Lavoro; but the French troops were everywhere on the alert to capture him and he had to take refuge in the woods of Lenola.
Other nuclear weapons states could be motivated to go on to hair-trigger alert through fear of a strike by the USA.
Polyphonic ring tones, infra red port for connectivity & vibrate alert are just a few of the other features to be included.
As you gradually awaken and become more alert, the peaks and valleys begin to shrink in size and are spaced closer together.
The rumor is he did nothing because it would alert the Germans that British boffins had already cracked the top-secret Ultra code.
During the period, the Group bought back , shares and we remain alert to opportunities for further buybacks in the future.
She excelled at her soundwork training, learning to alert to sounds including the doorbell, cooker timer, telephone and smoke alarm.
An initial alert is effective for a period of  days and requires only that you are able to show cause for believing your personal information has been compromised.
Remember, no one knows your dog better than you do, so when you notice changes in his condition, be on the alert and take him to your vet for a check up.
These latter, like the colonists in the American Far West, had to be constantly on the alert against the attacks of their troublesome neighbours, and they accordingly organized themselves in semi-military fashion.
From this allusion one cannot but think that so keen and alert a writer as Ari had given some attention to Vinland in the lost work.
Datatool, the UK's biggest manufacturer of electronic security for motorcycles, have developed a theft text alert designed specifically for bikes.
Always on the alert for crime, he got his tip-offs from the police station where he worked as the mild mannered janitor.
The Bank will be particularly alert to the need to supply an adequate amount of sterling liquidity through the millenium period.
If you see a post which you feel breaks house rules, please click on the exclamation mark below it to alert a moderator.
With respect to Dichlorvos, members noted that this chemical contained a structural alert for mutagenicity and was a direct acting in-vitro mutagen.
You need to be just as alert and ready to sell yourself, but do n't oversell when people already know you.
The parents of murdered schoolgirl Milly Dowler are launching a scheme today to alert the public about missing or abducted children.
The unit also has an integral audible sounder which gives off a rapid tone to alert staff to the call.
We may miss them anyway, but the questions may alert us to issues which have been neglected and which now have become thinkable.
News from Europe arrived on July , of the Austrian ultimatum to Serbia and the Admiralty put the fleet on alert.
And by accelerating the identification of and response to virus incidents and blended security threats with automated alert notifications, it maximizes system uptime.
Why does it not encourage its citizens to be on the alert to point out its faults, and do better than it would have them?
Being alert for the consequent losses, absences or exclusions is important to the semiotician as well as the ' general semanticist '.
The related patient card is a card splenectomy patients should carry with them to alert healthcare professionals to their condition.
Rail bosses are today issuing a stark warning to parents, urging them to alert their children to the dangers of playing near railways.
I mean, even the titles of the triptych paintings alert the viewer to the human presence as the subject matter.
However, many parents will discover that even their most ardent attempts to keep their baby alert during the day cannot match the determination of an infant who wants to nap.
Even if you take all of the necessary precautions to make your home a safe area for your baby, you'll still need to remain alert and vigilant to the possibility that your baby could get hurt.
Pull Ups Training Pants With Cool Alert is a newly designed type of training pant that actually lets a child feel cool within a few seconds of his wetting his training pants.
For child pool safety, it is a great idea if you invest in a Safety Turtle armband with alarm station to alert you if a child has fallen into the water.
So, whether you wander beyond its range or the monitor loses the signal for some other reason, a rapid beeping sound from the receiver will alert you to the fact that the receiver is not picking up the signal for some reason.
Other monitors may also have integrated movement sensors which will alert you when your infant stops moving for a specified amount of time.
Parents also depend on monitors to alert them of their child's activities when they are on the opposite side of the house or even out in the yard.
The Sonic Bomb alarm from Sonic Alert has an incredibly loud dB alarm, which is the approximately the same decibel level as a live rock concert or car horn at a distance of one meter.
The amber alert history continues to develop as more countries join in the notification system to rescue abducted children worldwide.
Issued by the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children, known as NCMEC, an Amber Alert notifies the public that a child has been abducted.
The Life Alert Company statistics show that more than two million emergency calls are handled each year by their well-trained emergency response staff.
Members of the Classic alert plan have their emergency contact button with them in the form of a button on a special pendant or watch.
Designed for younger adults, the + alert system includes all of the features of the Classic plan in addition to video monitoring as a protection from home invasions.
A Life Alert, or similar system , provides the protection and security seniors need to feel safe living in their homes.
There are other concerns, too, such as health issues and basic safety but these are all manageable if you plan a little, use good sense, and stay alert and aware of your surroundings.
The alert units typically have a base that sits in the house and a transmitter in the form of a bracelet or necklace.
However, as widely known as this commercial has become, Life Alert is just one of many different companies that offer senior citizen medical alert services.
No matter what senior citizen medical alert device you ultimately choose, someone should check in with a senior living at home alone at least a couple of times a week.
The Center also provides support through a monthly AWAKE (Alert, Well and Keeping Energetic) Support Group is offered to patients and their families.
The Center also provides support through a monthly AWAKE (Alert, Well and Keeping Energetic) Support Group is offered to sleep apnea patients and their families.
Keep your schedule free for the first couple of days after you arrive at your destination, and avoid situations that require you to be mentally alert.
Some believe that nightmares have a positive purpose, such as to motivate you to change, release stress, or alert you of a problem that keeps occuring in your life.
Without being able to rest, you may not be alert enough to work on dangerous machinery or drive a car.
Once you find your style, set up a search alert to let you know when someone lists that particular type or brand of glasses.
An older interview from mid- that tackles similar questions to the above article, he talks about the need for a balanced lifestyle in order to remain fresh and alert as well as the promise of upcoming technologies amongst other things.
So you don't have to look back and forth from the road to the unit, voice prompts alert you when it's time to turn, to change course, or your destination is approaching.
If you have a specific electronic in mind that you want to purchase, look for price alert websites, which can let you know the best time to buy electronics.
A light will blink on that day to alert of a message and you simply hit the "today" button to hear what was recorded.
You sign up for e-mails that alert you when a certain merchant has gift cards in stock if there's a certain store you are waiting for.
If the watch is removed forcibly, an instant alert with location information is automatically sent to a designated phone number or email address.
His teeth are in good shape, and he doesn't seem to be lethargic or losing weight, and he is alert and playful, even at  years old.
Children reading books with their parents is not only a good bonding activity for the entire family, it can also alert adults to any difficulties their child may have with the written word.
You can prevent identity theft before it happens to you or your children with a fraud alert system like LifeLock.
Fraud alert systems also require documentation to prove that the person requesting information about a child is the parent or guardian of the child.
If you plan to make a purchase that is larger than your usual purchases, you can alert Customer Service and avoid the inconvenience and embarrassment of a potential decline of your card when you make your out-of-character purchase.
In case the fraud specialists and alert system don't stop the fraud in time, you needn't worry as you are not responsible for paying even $ of fraudulent purchases on your account.
You can also set your account up to send fraud alert statements and warnings in cases where unusually account activity is present.
If it takes you longer than  days to amass all the necessary proof, you can put in another -day fraud alert.
Individuals can begin the process of getting an initial  day fraud alert or an active duty alert by downloading a form from the website.
However, because of the differences in the lengths of time the alerts are effective for, each alert has different requirements in order for the bureaus to apply the alert.
While technically the information is supposed to be passed on once you contact one bureau, making a separate request to each will ensure the alert is put on quickly and that it is done properly.
An extended alert is an option after the initial report, which allows the notation to remain on file for up to seven years.
Note that you always have the option to have the fraud alert removed if you find that you no longer need it.
The assistant manager's haste in making the transfers served as an alert to bank security, who then caught her making further transfers with surveillance cameras.
If you realize there is no longer a threat of identity theft, or you made a mistake, you can request that TransUnion remove the fraud alert.
If you plan to use your debit card overseas, contact your financial institution prior to your trip and alert them of your travels.
Its sturdy construction will make sure you stay seated up and alert while you work without sinking down into the chair.
It will alert you to hidden dangers of chemical interactions like sodium laurel sulfate found in hair shampoos, liquid dish soaps, hand lotions etc. Sodium laurel sulphate and bleach leach the petrochemicals out of plastic bottles.
A bear bell, or a big bell attached to a stick or backpack, makes enough random noise to alert animals that you're nearby.
People with existing liver disorders should generally avoid kava kava, and anyone using the herb should be alert for side effects during the course of treatment.
Tightline with a dark color on the bottom to make the whites of your eyes look brighter, or use a white or flesh-toned color to make your eyes look bigger and more alert.
Most puzzles will alert you if you are typing in a wrong letter by showing the letter as red (or another color) while making letters black if you are on the right track.
In addition, getting your blood flowing increases your energy level, making you feel more alert and thus better equipped to deal with your stressful situation.
Positive changes in your life such as getting married, having a baby, or starting a new job can cause your body to go into alert mode.
You may not consciously feel your body go into alert mode but if it lasts long enough or it intensifies, you will feel overwhelmed and stressed out as you enter crisis mode.
When something negative happens in your life such as losing a job, sudden financial problems, or a death, your body will pass the alert mode and go right into crisis.
Temporary stress reactions are healthy, but when the body remains in a continuously alert or stressed state, major health consequences result.
If you are afraid that you may lose your job, or that you will have future financial problems, your body will stay in a constant state of alert or stress.
As the time for your meditation draws to a close, soft chimes will alert you that your time is almost up, in a gentle, non-jarring fashion.
As stress levels build throughout the day, your body does not have a chance to relax and it remains in a state of heightened alert taking a toll on your physical, emotional and mental health.
During this state, heart rate increases and blood vessels dilate in muscles and constrict everywhere else; the body is on high alert.
Most calendars allow for you to program an alert that is sent to you one and two days before, as well as two to ten hours prior.
The problem is when there is no relief in sight and your body is on high alert all the time.
Since the mother of the bride traditionally chooses a wedding dress before the mother of the groom, the bride will also alert the groom's mother as to what you are wearing.
They become dependant on caffeine to stay alert during the day and find it hard to relax at night because of their excessive caffeine consumption.
These immediate effects are then followed by a user going "on the nod"-meaning they move from highly alert to drowsy states quickly.
According to DrugFree.org, people who use this drug usually appear very alert and energized initially, but then begin to display a depressed mood or aggressive behavior as the high wears off.
Nicotine acts as both a stimulant and a relaxing agent that causes a person to feel more alert, calm and centered.
Police have issued a nationwide Amber Alert for the boy and are reportedly questioning acquaintances of Balfour's in hopes of finding and returning the boy safely to his mother.
Banks such as RetailMeNot.com will offer visitors the chance to enter an e-mail address to be stored in the bank's system so that when a new coupon code has arrived on the horizon, the visitor will receive an e-mail alert.
Some people feel more alert and refreshed in the morning, while others prefer to hit the books in the evening hours.
When things get too far out of control and you are worried about your own or someone else's safety, don't be afraid to alert the authorities.
If you see a person altering someone else's drink, alert that person before he or she can return to the drink, and get help if necessary.
If you have any pre-existing health issues that require you to take regular medications, you are advised to alert onboard medical staff in advance.
Shih Tzu are also very alert to what is going on around the home and will bark to alert their owners to knocking on doors and such.
Pets suffering from arthritis and other degenerative disorders may not be able to endure a standard walk, but put them in a stroller, and they can still get fresh air and enough mental stimulation to keep them alert and happy.
Service dogs, such as seeing eye dogs, alert dogs for the deaf, and companion dogs for the disabled are generally welcomed by most hotels, even those with an otherwise strict "no pets" policy.
Also included inside each kit is a sticker to place inside a window to alert emergency personnel to pets inside the home, a form to order stamps with your pet's photo and a discount on pet insurance.
He serves a definite purpose, and can only remain on the job as long as he's mentally alert and physically capable of safely guiding his person.
He will be very alert and aware of his new surroundings; take advantage of this time to teach him the new rules.
Having been bred to hunt game, these dogs are naturally alert and don't miss much that goes on around them.
They may be trained to alert a deaf owner to the fact that the doorbell or phone is ringing, or a smoke alarm is going off.
While not aggressive, Cavachons will bark to alert the family of visitors or when they hear sounds they don't recognize.
They are good with children, have a great deal of energy and will be the first to alert you to any troubles.
These sidebars alert readers to weeds and pests that are common for the time of year the issue is printed.
A medical alert ID bracelet can save your child's life, but it doesn't have to look like the sterile one you see many adults wearing.
To help with that, they provide email updated for new merchandise that can alert the savvy web shopper to the new deals and merchandise available.
It also means that tainted meat that continuously comes from the same farm or processing plant may alert inspectors that there is a problem with that farm or plant that needs to be addressed.
It's worth checking out your favorite plus size stores from time to time; get friendly with sales staff, who can alert you to new merchandise.
Just in case you would rather not subscribe your e-mail address to the alert service, there are plus-size coupons for discounts on purchases of Roaman's merchandise available on the website.
If you are unable to free your vehicle, put out emergency flares or reflective triangles to alert other drivers that you are stuck.
The nation's amber alert history began in  with the tragic murder of a nine-year-old girl in Arlington, Texas, named Amber Hagerman.
The Amber Alert System that stemmed from the death of this child is an early warning system designed to notify as many people as possible through broadcasting announcements.
In addition, a joint effort was made by the police department of Dallas and the local radio stations to establish a system of quickly notifying the public when a child was missing using the Emergency Alert System equipment.
This began the Amber Alert System and during the two years that followed radio stations were notified by the police department of missing children by phone.
Throughout the years following the launch of the Amber Alert in Texas, there have been many changes and legislative actions leading to the growth and development of this important early warning system.
A campaign to have nationwide Amber Alert systems was launched by the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children in .
The same year the Best Practices Guide for Broadcasters and Other Media Outlets was developed to assist all localities in setting up an Amber Alert notification plan.
By the end of , Amber Alert systems were in place in  states with digital alerts beginning in November of that year through America Online.
Complete with terribly-acted live-action cut scenes, Red Alert  was an absolute gem of a game and today it shines as bright as it ever did.
The customer service staff at Wine Country catalog will alert you if you are trying to ship a wine basket into a state that does not allow wine shipments and suggest one of their gift baskets that does not contain wine.
With the same features of the Emergency Pro, this model also offers seven NOAA weather channels and alert function to let you know when there are weather warnings.
You won't even have to rush to the closest Wi-Fi hotspot to open your computer and view it once you get the alert.
The symptoms to be alert for are frequent nosebleeds or frequent bruising with no specific cause, particularly if the child has had a recent illness or virus.
So that the proper treatment can be provided in the event of an emergency, children with congenital cardiovascular defects should wear a medical identification bracelet or necklace to alert healthcare providers of their condition.
Parents need to be especially alert to dehydration and the development of heat disorders in infants who cannot ask for something to drink.
Even if laws are created to try to prevent underage sale of very violent video games, parents should still be alert to what their teen is playing.
Overall appearance, behavior, body-fat distribution, and organ function can alert a family physician, internist, or nutrition specialist to the presence of malnutrition.
In case of emergency, a medical identification bracelet or necklace should be worn to alert all health care providers of the child's heart condition.
Premature babies who are still in the hospital under neonatal care are monitored by machines that will alert staff when a baby stops breathing.
A medical identification bracelet or necklace should be worn to alert all health care providers of the child's heart condition in cases of emergency.
Parents should be alert for complaints from their children of dizziness or other states of mental confusion that do not spontaneously resolve within a minute or so.
Fast breathing rates, wheezing, abnormal muscle contractions, or a blue cast to the lips or fingernails should all alert the parent that the child is having difficulty breathing and should be seen immediately by a healthcare provider.
The Apgar score is primarily observational in nature and its only purpose is to alert the healthcare provider that the baby may need immediate assistance or prolonged observation in the nursery.
The sleepwalking child feels an intense need to take action and may appear alert, purposeful, or anxious as he or she moves about.
Parents should be alert to Internet sites and movies that promote and/or glorify self-mutilation as a way to cope with problems.
Nightmare disorder is a parasomnia in which the child is repeatedly awakened from sleep by frightening dreams and is fully alert on awakening.
If the parent notices that their male infant's testes do not appear normal or do not appear to be present at all, the parent should alert the doctor.
If the child has to be hospitalized, the parents should alert the hospital personnel to the childs allergy to latex.
Children at risk for anaphylaxis should also wear a Medic Alert bracelet or necklace or carry a medical emergency card with them at all times that clearly describes their allergy.
While a parent cannot stop tantrums once they are in progress, it is sometimes possible to prevent them by being alert to certain danger signs, especially fatigue, hunger, and irritability.
Concerned and attentive parents and school counselors should be on the alert for indications of possible gang membership in at-risk youth.
In the case of a serious drug allergy, the child should wear a medical alert necklace or bracelet or carry a card (Medic-Alert and others) at all times to alert emergency medical personnel.
Patients who arrive at an emergency department awake and alert usually survive with brain function intact, although they may initially have respiratory complications.
A family history of migraine, particularly on the mother's side of the family, should alert the doctor to the possibility that the patient has CVS.
They may experience problems if given a blood transfusion, and therefore they should wear a Medic Alert bracelet or have some other way of alerting any physician who treats them that they have this disorder.
Some research has suggested that babies exhibit fewer visually exploratory behaviors when using a pacifier; they look around less and can seem less alert.
When a child is awakened by a nightmare she will soon become fully alert and able to remember the scary dream in elaborate detail, expressing emotions appropriate to the dream content.
With children and teenagers, it is advisable to be alert for symptoms of Reye's syndrome, a rare, but serious complication.
It provides a means for the physician and pregnant woman to identify any problems and be alert to any changes that may necessitate additional testing or interventions.
Rather than feeling too relaxed or too mentally unfocused after a massage, a child may be both more relaxed and more alert.
One important part in the parents' ability to bond with the infant after birth is the healthy, drug-free newborn is in a "quiet alert" state for  to  minutes after birth.
This doesn't mean the follow is simply passive - remaining alert and adding in embellishments and ornaments to whatever forms are indicated by the lead is a very challenging skill.
Online tools include style recommendations, product finders, a store locator, and a convenient haircut alert service to ensure that no style goes too long without being refined for the best look.
If you're very concerned, you may want to contact the HR department and your former employer to alert him or her to the fact that you're looking for a job and that employment verification calls might be coming in about you.
Another option available at the USAJOBS site is to set up a job alert to receive notification by e-mail when a job matching your requirements has been posted.
You may be able to set up an email alert through the website allowing you to receive notification when positions like those you are interested in are available.
Candidates can also set up a job alert so they can be advised by e-mail when a job that matches their qualifications is posted.
It can also alert you to any inaccuracies that you may be able to fix before your lender sees it.
Experts recommend checking your report with at least one of the companies every few months to alert you to any incidents of fraud.
You can even register to receive automatic rate alert email notifications about rate changes for up to three different types of loans.
These e-mails will alert you when VA mortgage interest rates change or when the interest rate reaches the rate you are looking for.
An electronic fertility monitor can help you get pregnant, since it can alert you to a rise in the amount of estrogen in your urine.
Angelina's now rumored to be on a high-risk pregnancy alert, with orders to cut down on her grueling work schedule.
Read on to learn about the signals your body will send to alert you that the baby is ready to be delivered.
According to Web MD, there are a number of possible signs that can alert you to the fact that you may be pregnant.
Researchers are not currently aware of any physical change in a woman's body that would alert her to the fact that she has conceived.
With busier schedules than ever before, Bay Area professionals are chugging the coffee to keep alert and productive throughout the day.
While trying to alert people to the plight of endangered great white sharks, she put up posters of the animals in Oklahoma City where she was working in June .
The gate alarm featured here comes equipped with an audible feature to alert you when the pool has been accessed.
Lead paint alert - If you are purchasing a used, vintage sword that has been painted, keep in mind that the paint may be lead-based, which is certainly a safety issue.
Another great feature of this model is the cool touch housing that has an alert when the heater grille is hot.
Nonprofit members receive a subscription to the quarterly newsletter, Network News, free resource publications, and they may sign up for the Minnesota Grants Alert newsletter.
You'll need to take the babysitter home, and you'll want to be alert when your kids wake up in the morning.
This is because we have no prior experience to relate to and as a result, our senses are on alert to pay attention.
Many people who are having an affair are in constant alert about clues they give off that could get them caught, so they become defensive if someone questions their whereabouts.
If you're in an abusive relationship, alert your parents and don't break up with the abuser when you're completely alone together.
If the other member has an account, he or she will be able to contact you back if he or she is interested once you send a generic greeting to alert him or her to your account.
Being an alert consumer and understanding how do you know if a diamond is fake or real can help you find a good value diamond for your budget.
Along with the e-mail alerts you'll get from the members-only shopping sites, you can visit forums like Windsor Peak, which will alert you to all sorts of deals (search for "handbags").
Some of the handbags, like that of Rockin Romance, are tier layers of fabric, while others, like the Red Alert, come equipped with bows, and reams of ribbons.
If you're seeking a specific type of laptop bag from an earlier time, set up an e-mail alert on eBay that notifies you when a match is available.
If you think that applying a certain coldness to your demeanor will alert him to a need for change, understand that this is just not the way earth signs operate.
Fortunately, natal chart comparisons, when drawn by a competent astrologer, can alert you to potential problem areas and highlight those areas where you'll be most compatible.
The Allergy Alert Symbol™ is also incorporated into punchy t-shirt graphics that keep up with the trends-race cars, pirates and fairies, to name a few.
The techniques you'll learn will help you harness your mind's descent into sleep so that you can eventually enter into the dream state while your mind is still alert.
When an approaching driver flashes his lights to alert the driver that the lights aren't on, the gang chases the driver down and kills him.
You can also sign up for the KingSize Direct newsletter from their website, which will alert you to upcoming sales and special coupon promotions that you might be interested in.
Sign up for an alert with your preferred color, size and style and get an email when and if it becomes available.
These often alert you of special promotions or send customers periodic coupons so you can get the best prices on shoes and boots.
There's even an iPhone app that will alert you when there are new launches where you can flip through the styles, keep up with the community, and participate in contests.
If you visit a website and see a label of "spoiler" or "spoiler alert" that means that you should not continue to read if you don't want to take the chance of finding out what's likely to happen.
These "alert" days generally mean that on that particular day, you're going to want to tune in or record that days episode because some major event is going to happen to one of the show's character's.
Telling the doctor about a recent tattoo and asking about MRSA can alert him or her to the possibility of a resistant infection.
Because she works with travel on a daily basis, she can alert you to specials as soon as they become available.
A watch that can perform functions necessary to run a clandestine attack, time a missile launch or alert foot soldiers as to how far away their enemy is does have a certain appeal that other watches do not.
There are many makers of watches that talk, vibrate or otherwise alert their users of the time or give appointment alarms.
If a pilot is to crash land an airplane, he is able to activate the micro transmitter which will alert search and rescue.
Whether the reason for getting up is a trip to the dentist or a family day out, the help from a digital alarm in waking up fresh and alert will help get the day off to a good start.
Yoga has also been used in childbirth to help relax both the mother and the baby so a fulfilling, alert, and calming birth is experienced.
Brainstorm different topics related to your business that you could talk about to the media and look for news hooks that you could alert the media to.
If you get blood on a dry clean only fabric, get it to your dry cleaners as soon as possible and alert them to the stain.
Smaller stores may only publish newsletters that alert customers of special events and sales, but larger stores often print catalogs that are available by request.
Even though it may seem miniscule at the time, each symptom may alert your doctor to a food allergy or sensitivity that may be connected to your RA flare-ups.
Many places will also offer the opportunity to sign up for a mailing list and alert you to upcoming discounts.
Find a site or store you love and get to know the staff - they may alert you when a great pair of retro nylons come in.
However, if you can develop a good relationship with shop owners, they may alert you when they get new items in.
For the Original series, you'll find various sound effects from the computer including the Red Alert and the Transporter sound.
The emergency klaxon or "Red Alert" was also developed during the series creating an automatic process of polarizing the shield plating while also bringing the ships phasers and photon torpedos online.
Currently, Kiss My Face lotion for hands includes a wonderful organic grapefruit and bergamot Hand Crème and a Hand Alert repairing lotion containing alpha hydroxy acids, sunscreen, and moisturizers for smooth, beautiful hands.
However, the person you tagged will have the option to remove the link from your post when she gets an alert that someone tagged her.
Most computer OS's have update notification programs that let you know when updates are necessary; but it pays to be vigilant and alert.
In his later years his small alert figure was one of the most distinguished in the society of Berlin, and every honour open to a man of letters was conferred upon him.
The herd never feeds without having a sentinel posted on some prominence to give notice of the approach of danger; which is done by stamping on the ground with the forefeet, and uttering a shrill whistling note, thus putting the entire herd on the alert.
Being alert for the consequent losses, absences or exclusions is important to the semiotician as well as the ' general semanticist ' .
Small and slight in person and never robust in health, Robertson Smith was yet a man of ceaseless and fiery energy; of an intellect extraordinarily alert and quick, and as sagacious in practical matters as it was keen and piercing in speculation; of an erudition astonishing both in its range and in its readiness; of a temper susceptible of the highest enthusiasm for worthy ends, and able to inspire others with its own ardour; endowed with the warmest affections, and with the kindest and most generous disposition, but impatient of stupidity and ready to blaze out at whatever savoured of wrong and injustice.
Bright orange jackets and vests alert other hunters to your presence so they don't mistake you for a piece of game.
Malaysia instituted their alert system for missing children called the Nurin Alert, named after an eight year old child who was abducted.
For older people who want to live independently but whose children and grandchildren worry, a senior citizen medical alert device can put everyone's mind at ease.
The Lives are not in the true sense biographical, but rather picturesque impressions of leading representatives of an attitude of mind full of curiosity, alert and versatile, but lacking scientific method, preferring the external excellence of style and manner to the solid achievements of serious writing.
Of singularly alert faculties, with a remarkable knowledge of the men and history of his country, and an extraordinary memory, his masterful talent for politics and state-craft, together with his captivating manner and engaging personality, gave him, for nearly two decades, an unrivalled hold upon the fealty and affection of his party.
At rumor of his arrival all the Mill-dam sportsmen are on the alert, in gigs and on foot, two by two and three by three, with patent rifles and conical balls and spy-glasses.
A'Ran awaited her with two swords looking alert, as if he'd been up long enough for his first cup of coffee to kick in.
Mill could now feel that his main work was accomplished; he remained, however, on the alert for opportunities of useful influence, and pressed on with hardly diminished enthusiasm in his search for useful truth.
It is possible that some of these rocks are also of Huronian age, but it is doubtful whether the rocks so designated by the geologists of the " Alert " and " Discovery " expedition are really the rocks so known in Canada, or are a continuous portion of the fundamental or oldest gneiss of the north-west of Scotland and the western isles.
The whole country, however, was on the alert, and at midnight on the th, within a month of their landing, James heard that the revolt, desperate from the first, was over and that his rival had been captured close to Ringwood.
Despite his rapid journey and sleepless night, Prince Andrew when he drove up to the palace felt even more vigorous and alert than he had done the day before.
