
I felt proud to know that the liberties of Massachusetts and of our fatherland were in such safe keeping; and as I turned to my hoeing again I was filled with an inexpressible confidence, and pursued my labor cheerfully with a calm trust in the future.
Nevertheless he cheerfully gave his voice in  for the dethronement of his patron, and his "suppleness" merited a seat in the chamber of peers, and, in , the dignity of a marquisate.
They were beans cheerfully returning to their wild and primitive state that I cultivated, and my hoe played the Ranz des Vaches for them.
Since the plebeian element in the state had an immense numerical preponderance over the patrician these disabilities were not widely spread, and seem generally to have been cheerfully borne as the price of belonging to the families still recognized as the oldest and noblest in Rome.
He smiled in encouragement and led her off the elevator and through a series of cheerfully lit hallways with pictures on the walls and wood floors.
Natasha, who had borne the first period of separation from her betrothed lightly and even cheerfully, now grew more agitated and impatient every day.
We need to talk! he called cheerfully, then spun and started toward the conference room at the end of a lab that stretched the size of a football field.
Instead of the usual long and sorrowful goodbye, cheerfully let baby know you are going "bye-bye" and that s/he will have fun at daycare.
As the download page cheerfully mentions, this pet requires no training, won't activate your allergies, and won't bite your boss.
This, on the whole, salutary and edifying movement permeated public life, and produced a series of great captains who cheerfully sacrificed themselves for their country, and would have been saints if they had not been heroes.
In the last years of his life he suffered a great deal from rheumatism, and was, as he sometimes cheerfully said, "never free from pain."
They sat in booths dotted around middle of the town's shopping center cheerfully undergoing the twin disciplines of meeting and greeting.
During the Roman war they cheerfully underwent the most grievous tortures rather than break any of the principles of their faith.
Their patriotic ardour gladly seized on "a view of the original faith of India that seemed to harmonize with all the discoveries of modern science and the ethics of European civilization," and they cheerfully supported their leader's strange polemic with the agnostic and rationalist literature of Europe.
They sat in booths dotted around middle of the town 's shopping center cheerfully undergoing the twin disciplines of meeting and greeting.
They make incomparable guides for fishing, hunting and surveying parties, on which they will cheerfully undergo the greatest hardships, though tending to shrink from regular employment in cities or on farms.
The bravest of their warriors sometimes knew deplorably little about it; distinction on that field they cheerfully accorded to pious men like Ibn Mas`ud.
The intelligent professional knowledge of the native officers, taught under British gentlemen, and the constant hard work cheerfully rendered by the fellah soldiers, were the main factors of the success achieved at Omdurman on the nd of September .
Of the partisans who had placed Henry on the throne many were greedy, and some were wholly unreasonable- But he trusted to his tact and his energy, and cheerfully undertook the task of ruling as a constitutional king the friend of the parliament that had placed him on the throne.
After he had retired from public labours he lingered for some months, enduring the severest agony without a murmur, and cheerfully attending to all the duties of a private kind which his diseases left him strength to discharge.
As always happens the men, starting cheerfully, began to halt; murmurs were heard, there was a sense of confusion, and finally a backward movement.
He had resigned his editorship of The Tribune immediately after the nomination; he now resumed it cheerfully; but it was soon apparent that his powers had been overstrained.
With all the means at her disposal cheerfully placed in the hands of such valiant and capable ministers, it would have been no difficult task for the Republic to have wrested the best part of the Baltic littoral from the Scandinavian powers, and driven the distracted Muscovites beyond the Volga.
Until the abandonment of this experiment in , Ripley was its leader, cheerfully taking upon himself all kinds of tasks, teaching mathematics and philosophy in the school, milking cows and attending to other bucolic duties, and after June  editing the weekly Harbinger, an organ of "association," which he continued to edit in New York from  until it was discontinued in .
Whether he subsequently regarded the victory of the monarchy and its corollary, the admittance of the middle classes to all offices and dignities, as a satisfactory equivalent for his original demands; or whether he was so overcome by royal favour as to sacrifice cheerfully the political liberties of his country, can only be a matter for conjecture.
The natives cheerfully accepted this new departure in British policy, and from this time forward Khama's country was known as the British protectorate of Bechuanaland.
The idea prevalent with the more liberal minds amongst the clergy was that of comprehensionthat is to say, of so modifying the prayers and ceremonies of the church as to enable the dissenters cheerfully to enter in.
Valdemar cheerfully undertook a new crusade "for the honour of the Blessed Virgin and the remission of my own sins."
Then he remained silent for a while, and all at once looked cheerfully with his glittering, black eyes at Rostov.
