
Fortunately, room  was taken and they settled for adjoining rooms on the second floor near the end of the building.
Fortunately, after a week or two, the public grew bored with the subject and it slipped away like a bear in winter.
But, fortunately for her, she felt her eyes growing misty, she saw nothing clearly, her pulse beat a hundred to the minute, and the blood throbbed at her heart.
Fortunately Morino saw the ad for Apple Hors Devours in the local paper and recognized Alfonso's cell phone number before they made their first sale.
The map, apparently of the rd century, was copied by a monk at Colmar, in , who fortunately contented himself with adding a few scriptural names, and having been acquired by the learned Conrad Peutinger of FIG.
Fortunately for herself, and for Russia, Elizabeth Petrovna, with all her shortcomings, had inherited some of her father's genius for government.
The position seemed critical; but, fortunately for the king, the south and west gave no effective support to the rebellion.
All hope of saving the battle had now to be given up, but the French covered their retreat obstinately and by daybreak next morning one-half of the army was already filing out along the road to Erfurt which had so fortunately been left for them.
Also a chance to spot this week 's vainglorious egomaniac who can talk a great script but fortunately for us ca n't write one.
Fortunately, most people believe there's no real long-term damage caused when a celebrity decides to give his/her child an unusual name.
Haitian families must sometimes place their children in orphanages because they cannot afford to feed them, but fortunately, these orphanages are typically family run and offer good care to the children.
Fortunately, this is one of those items that has come down in price a lot over recent years, so you can probably get a decent amount of space to hold everything you need.
Fortunately, there are dozens of places to buy both real and artificial trees and savvy consumers can easily comparison shop to find the best tree for their budget.
Some consumers may have difficulty finding just the right tree from local merchants, but fortunately there are many online options for different sizes, styles, and species of Christmas trees.
Fortunately, buying and selling these precious metals is relatively simple (much more so than investing in stocks, for instance), and requires very little prior experience.
Fortunately, there are a variety of places on the Internet where you can get any type of surveillance camera that you might be looking for.
Fortunately, the perfect vodka martini isn't difficult to make; it just requires the exact correct ingredients mixed the right way.
Fortunately, it's easy to make the perfect martini by taking a hint from James Bond who, in one of Ian Fleming's famous novels, outlined the ingredients for the perfect martini made with vodka rather than gin.
Fortunately, most banks offer a locator tool on their website, so you can always find an ATM close to you.
Fortunately the new Giolitti and Vesnie Cabinets showed equal moderation and skill in restraining the hotheads on both sides, and the new Foreign Minister, Count Sforza, was assisted by a personal knowledge of Serbian and Balkan problems all too rare among western statesmen.
Fortunately, although the draft of an ultimatum was lying in the state secretary's office in Pretoria, the Boers, unprepared in departmental arrangements which are necessary in large military operations, were unable to take the field with the promptitude that the situation demanded.
Fortunately, however, the small amounts of any of them that are likely to be found in commercial zinc are not for most purposes very deleterious.
He was essentially a painter of the classical schools, with the speciality of elaborate reproduction of detail in certain sections of animal life, but fortunately this partial concession to truth, emphasized as it was by a rare sense of beauty, did large service.
Fortunately the majority are of small size, and their bites are not followed by more severe effects than those from the sting of a hornet.
Of this small group of poets one only has survived, fortunately the man of most genius among them, the bosomfriend of Calvus, C. Valerius Catullus (-).
The ridge was captured with little resistance, but the sound of the firing at once set all the neighbouring troops in motion, and fortunately so, for the French had immediately retaliated on von der Goltz's audacious attack.
Fortunately for the Prussians, Bazaine had issued similar orders to his subordinates, who, having their men better in hand, were able to obey; and as night began to close in the French broke off the action and retired under the guns of the Metz forts, convinced that at last they had "broken the spell" of German success.
Fortunately for the French the Germans were too exhausted by the battle of the th to attempt to interfere with these movements.
Corps was left to its own devices, but fortunately the crown prince of Saxony, who commanded it, had ridden forward and, seeing the French in force towards Roncourt, had issued orders which in the event proved decisive.
Fortunately, by the superb gallantry of some of the company officers and men, the new arrivals were induced to recognize their mistake, and by degrees about  p.m.
Fortunately it chanced that another people, the Persians, had adopted the Assyrian wedge-shaped stroke as the foundation of a written character, but making that analysis of which the Assyrians had fallen short, had borrowed only so many characters as were necessary to represent the alphabetical sounds.
There was reason to suppose that the inscriptions were identical in meaning; and fortunately it proved, when the inscriptions were made accessible to investigation through the efforts of Sir Henry Rawlinson, that the Persian inscription contained a large number of proper names.
Fortunately for the Germans the Canal du Nord proved a sufficiently formidable obstacle to give pause to the First Army's progress.
The severity of his father's manner was ill-calculated to encourage the first efforts of one so sensitive; but fortunately, at the age of eleven, he became the pupil of his brother Nicolas.
These fears have, however, fortunately proved to be unfounded, and ordinary gas fittings can be used with perfect safety with this gas.
His reforms, which reached every part of the school system, were fortunately introduced just at the beginning of railway and city growth.
Fortunately the college was more or less successful, owing largely to his enthusiasm and energy, and many of the men who were trained there subsequently made their mark in chemical history.
Fortunately, too, at this crisis of their history, the Lithuanians were blessed with an altogether exceptional series of great rulers, who showed themselves fully capable of taking care of themselves.
Fortunately for the integrity of the Polish state the premature death of Alexander in  brought upon the throne his capable brother Sigismund, the fifth son of Casimir IV., whose long reign of gismundl., forty-two years was salutary, and would have been so -.
For Poland, unlike Scotland, was fortunately, in those days of difficult inter-communication, not too far off, and it is indisputable that in the first instance it was the papal nuncios, men like Berard of Camerino and Giovanni Commendone, who reorganized the scattered and faint-hearted battalions of the Church militant in Poland and led them back to victory.
Thomas's work, fortunately, fell into the hands of a true poet in the person of Gottfried von Strassburg, whose Tristan and Isolde is, from a literary point of view, the gem of medieval German literature.
Two baroque chapels were added in the th and th centuries, which are fortunately shut off from the rest of the church.
But we have fortunately preserved to us an elaborate plan of the great Swiss monastery of St Gall, erected about A.D.
For all that, St Celestine, during his brief tenure of the papacy, tried to spread his ideas among the Benedictines, and induced the monks of Monte Cassino to adopt his idea of the monastic life instead of St Benedict's; for this purpose fifty Celestine monks were introduced into Monte Cassino, but on Celestine's abdication of the papacy the project fortunately was at once abandoned.
Fortunately for Russia the autocratic power was now in the hands of a man who was impressionable enough to be deeply influenced by the spirit of the time, and who had sufficient prudence and practical common-sense to prevent his being carried away by the prevailing excitement into the dangerous region of Utopian dreaming.
From December  to March  he was chairman of the committee on foreign affairs; as such, in , he was unwilling to leave the delicate questions concerning the French occupation of Mexico entirely in the hands of the president and his secretary of state, and brought in a report very hostile to France, which was adopted in the House, but fortunately, as it proved later, was not adopted by the Senate.
C is compensated by permanent magnets athwartships and horizontal; D by masses of soft iron on both sides of the compass, and generally in the form of cast-iron spheres, with their centres in the same horizontal plane as the needles; E is usually too small to require correction; A is fortunately rarely of any value, as it cannot be corrected.
Fortunately too for him, the Swedish government delayed hostilities in Scania till February , so that the Danes were able to make adequate defensive preparations and save the important fortress of Malmo.
The two next would be cut to three buds, which here also are fortunately so situated that the one to be left is on the lower side of the branches.
Fortunately there was no break of continuity in the policy of the States, the chief conduct of affairs remaining, until his death in , in the capable and tried hands of the grand pensionary Heinsius, who had at his side a number of exceptionally experienced and wise counsellors - among these Simon van Slingeland, for forty-five years (-) secretary of the council of state, and afterwards grand pensionary of Holland (-), and Francis Fagel, who succeeded his father in  as recorder (Griffier) of the States-General, and held that important office for fifty years.
Fortunately the phosphorus, turned from a curse into a blessing, develops by its oxidation the needed temperature, though the fact that this requires at least i.
Fortunately its embrittling effect on cast iron is very much less than on steel, so that the upper limit or greatest tolerable proportion of phosphorus, instead of being o. or better .% as in the case of rail steel, may be put at .% in case of machinery castings even if they are exposed to moderate shocks; at .% for gas and water mains in spite of the gravity of the disasters which extreme brittleness here might cause; and even higher for castings which are not exposed to shock, and are so thin that the iron of which they are made must needs be very fluid.
Fortunately for him, he was too young to be elected deputy to the Convention, and while his father was voting for the death of Louis XVI.
It seems that Pascal in driving to Neuilly was run away with by the horses, and would have been plunged in the river but that the traces fortunately broke.
The attention of the British engineers was then called to this serious calamity; and fortunately for Egypt there was serving in the country Col.
The Romanists saw the significance of this movement and, fortunately for them, were able to profit by the dissensions which were breaking out in the ranks of their opponents, especially the doctrinal differences between the followers of Luther and those of Zwingli.
Fortunately, however, he was singularly open to conviction, and Otto von Bismarck, though not yet in office, was already in his confidence.
The decease of Prince Alexander left the house of Orange without a direct heir male, but the prospect of a disputed succession had fortunately been averted by the marriage of the king in  with the princess Emma of Waldeck-Pyrmont.
Fortunately for knowledge, respect for the sacredness of the letter has led to the collection of all the revelations that could possibly be collected - the " abrogating " along with the " abrogated," passages referring to passing circumstances as well as those of lasting importance.
He had now, however, to act on the defensive, and fortunately for him, the Russians, on the death of the empress Elizabeth, not only withdrew in  from the compact against him, but for a time became his allies.
Fortunately each word, each clause, each idea in the discourse is repeated, commented on, enlarged upon, almost ad nauseam, in the suttas, and a short comment in the light of those explanations may bring out the meaning that was meant.'
Fortunately his friend Holderlin, now tutor in Frankfort, secured a similar situation there for Hegel in the family of Herr Gogol, a merchant (January ).
The news of this disaster fortunately found Clive returned to Madras, where also was a squadron of king's ships under Admiral Watson.
Fortunately the study of proper motions teaches us with some degree of certainty something of the general mean distances and distribution of these more distant stars, though it cannot tell us the distances of individual stars.
Fortunately for him he was murdered (end of January ), thereby posthumously attaining an importance in the eyes of a large part of the Mahommedan world (Shi`a) which he had never possessed during his life.
In the British Isles, though the conditions are variable enough, they are less extreme, and, fortunately for those engaged in the pursuit, only one size of frame is acknowledged by the great majority of bee-keepers, viz.
Fortunately for the Netherlands the attention of Philip was at their time of greatest weakness riveted upon his contemplated invasion of England, and a respite was afforded which enabled Oldenbarneveldt to supply the lack of any central organized government by gathering into his own hands the control of administrative affairs.
To understand what he went through during the latter months of the siege, it is only necessary to read his own journal, a portion of which, dating from th September to th December , was fortunately preserved and published.
Fortunately there was a guy from the Kenya Wildlife Service who was apparently having a busman 's holiday from the Mara.
Fortunately, the majority of the factors shown below can be changed or influenced by you with a little elbow grease.
Fortunately Johnny Pate's arrangements are so scintillating and Curtis ' unique soaring falsetto so alluring that even the old chestnuts sound great.
Fortunately, the tower and spire were retained, keeping for our city its third spire for which we are now famed.
Fortunately as the day went on it softened further down, built a kicker a played on that for an hour or two.
We fortunately have a milkman delivering to the remote cottage which like everything else around here is named after Agglestone.
Fortunately he had recently come across a couple of old wheels together with fairly presentable tires, at a breaker's yard.
Fortunately this won't be a problem with Neverwinter Nights , the long awaited sequel due for release later in the year.
Their ship is not intended to reach its destination, but fortunately, they have a stowaway criminal with some useful abilities.
Inside, he found that accumulated debris has almost completely blocked the oil strainer, fortunately without the engine having suffered any damage.
Fortunately they had just relocated the birds about  meters away sitting in a dead tree, what a little stunner this parrot is.
Fortunately, for youngsters who like their stories with a bit of suspense and terror involved, there's no shortage of scary read alouds for children.
Fortunately, it's not difficult to find appropriate legal options to make divorce of all kinds proceed as smoothly as possible.
Fortunately, modern times call for modern solutions and the vast amount of information available to the public helps to shine a comforting light on areas that once were sheathed in darkness and fear.
Fortunately, we live in an enlightened modern world that has come to understand some of the deeper issues surrounding children of divorced families.
Both beds and sofas take up a lot of space, but fortunately it can be cut in half with the use of a foldable sofa bed.
Fortunately it's easy to replace the seat and back cushions, ensuring that your chair will be a comfortable place to relax for many years to come.
It's not easy for everyone to get to North Carolina, but fortunately many of the items sold in these Hickory furniture outlets can be purchased online or over the phone.
When you read that global warming can only really be combated if government and industry step up, it's easy to become discouraged; but fortunately, there are many simple ways to save the environment on an individual basis.
Fortunately, however, there are many other materials that biofuels can be derived from, so much more research and study is needed in this area.
Fortunately, research is currently underway to improve current renewable energy technologies and develop new technologies that can make green energy available to the entire population.
Fortunately, tax incentives are available at the state and federal level and in many cases local government levels as well.
Fortunately, remedies such as homeopathy have few if any side effects, so you can explore the exact dose that you need.
Fortunately, since it is such a helpful herbal product, steps have been taken to preserve the trees from extinction by planting a lot of them to farm for their bark.
Fortunately, there are plenty of interior design resources in the City of Brotherly Love to help them find their flare.
Fortunately, interior design firms are abundant in the nation's capitol, giving you plenty of opportunities to implement your own style or explore the basics of interior design.
Fortunately, with so many different sports bedding choices for nurseries, it really won't matter if you choose the bedding first, or if you start by decorating the rest of the room.
Fortunately, a quick slick is all it takes - I consider this the high-end equivalent of a tinted lip balm.As mentioned, the formula is sheer, so even the darkest colors will not overpower the way a traditional lipstick might.
Fortunately the applicator allows some control with regard to the amount of product that is applied, but in the end I felt let down by the amount of work that went into making it look natural on my skin.
Fortunately, the answer is yes, and you can figure out which team you're on by running a very simple test.
Fortunately, the mass marketing of MAC makeup hasn't affected its superior quality.The professional-grade MAC eye makeup is nothing like its drug store counterparts.
Fortunately, Shrek games free online cost nothing, are age appropriate for almost any child, and can provide hours of entertainment.
Fortunately, online banking is arguably an even safer way to deal with your finances, and the offerings from Chase make online banking easy, even for those who have never done it before.
Fortunately, there are a multitude of websites to choose from if you want to enjoy this great game in a free online version.
Fortunately, if you have decent photography skills, and know how to market your talent, you have a legitimate chance to make a viable income from your images.
Fortunately, you can use a few simple shopping tips to earn free scrapbook supplies with your purchases.Selling scrapbook supplies is a highly competitive business.
Fortunately, there are plenty of digital scrapbooking freebies that can help you decide if this method of creating layouts is right for you.
Fortunately, with the boom in scrapbooking in the last two decades, it is no longer a challenge to attend a gathering of scrapbooking fans.
Fortunately, with a little knowledge and some great resources, you'll be able to predict what type of skiing you're likely to encounter, even if it's months away.
Fortunately, if a binding is correctly installed by a ski-shop technician, it will stay secure for the entire life of your skis.
Fortunately, their close proximity to each other means that families and groups of mixed levels, or groups of skiers and snowboarders can share lodging but visit different areas.
Fortunately, by understanding more about anger moods, you can begin to control the anger and reduce the stress in our lives.
Fortunately, they're small enough that this won't take long, and it's worth it to have something a bit more unique.
Fortunately, trends trickle down in this area as well, so junior girls will find plenty of ways to add unique flair to their outfits.
Fortunately for those looking to eliminate the Easter time staple from their diets, there are a number of excellent egg substitutes available.
Fortunately, it is quite simple to make your own vegan version so you don't have to miss out on this classic!
Fortunately, putting up websites listing all the wedding details keep loved ones informed without having to recite the information on a daily basis.
Fortunately times have changed, plus size beach wedding dresses are available in a wide variety of style as long as you know where to look.
However, bridal stores traditionally offer try-on samples in a size !Fortunately, some companies are adapting to meet the changing needs of their clientele.
Planning your perfect wedding can be a stressing situation, but fortunately a wedding planning timeline can help make this exciting time of your life precede a little smoother.
Fortunately, there are several options for keeping everyone fed and not being eaten out of the reception hall and home.
Fortunately, raspberries are one of the most popular fruits, so you'll likely please everyone at your wedding when you incorporate them into your cake in any way you choose.
Fortunately, there are a number of helpful and educational websites that address the problem and offer support for families and addicts.
Fortunately, the majority of BDD sufferers don't reach that point, but enough people do to make it necessary to ask if someone is feeling that way.
Fortunately, there are many varieties of bedding from which to choose, ranging from vibrant themed sets to understated monochrome blankets and comforters.
Fortunately, honoring Star Wars and its characters in cake form isn't too difficult, and there are plenty of specialty decoration products that can help.
Fortunately, you can sign up for a daily email newsletter from the site if you're worried about missing a post.
Fortunately for celebrity house-hunters, there are plenty of pictures and galleries available online that you can view from the comfort of your computer chair.
Fortunately, there are many exercises that strengthen and tone the legs, creating a shape that rivals that of celebrity legs in no time.
Fortunately modern science has proven that smoking can lead to any number of diseases and health concerns, so the younger generation is well-informed of the dangers.
Fortunately, attitudes have been growing and changing over the years, and today actors of all races and creeds enjoy the same successes.
Fortunately, clothes for toddlers are readily available in a range of prices and styles to suit various occasions, from casual play to those special events that call for cute, frilly dresses or little boys' suits.
Fortunately, there are also well styled dresses that can answer to a slightly older girl's wish to look trendy and a parent's wish that she still look age-appropriate.
Fortunately, the task of finding great deals on designer duds for kids has gotten easier in the last two decades.
Fortunately, there are multitudes of stores to choose from, and even your local department stores will often sell formalwear for little girls around the winter holidays and springtime.
Fortunately for those seeking distance education opportunities, despite the perception that physical education is only about exercise and being active, there is a great deal more to a physical education degree than just exercise.
Fortunately, for educational purposes, distance learning graduate courses are as challenging for the student as on-campus courses and in some instances, more so.
Fortunately, disasters are rare and cruise ships have a variety of safety procedures and appropriate emergency equipment on board to deal with unusual situations quickly and efficiently.
Fortunately, you don't have to go bankrupt in order to experience the area's perfectly preserved glaciers, forests, mountains, and exotic wildlife.
It was a very small, very disingenuous, inevitably an anomalous, and in the vanity of proclamations and other concomitant incidents rather a ridiculous affair; and fortunately for the dignity of history - and for Fremont - it was quickly merged in a larger question, when Commodore John Drake Sloat (-) on the th of July raised the flag of the United States over Monterey, proclaiming California a part of the United States.
Fortunately the birds soon become tame in confinement, and a little patience will enable an attentive observer to satisfy himself as to the process, the result of which at first seems almost as unaccountable as that of a clever conjuring trick.
Fortunately, the plans for defence had been well and truly laid by Cadorna in the limited time that was available, and, still more fortunately, his foresight had caused elaborate preparations to be made on Monte Grappa.
The façade is fine, and the interior, divided into three naves by columns, with galleries over the aisles, has fortunately not been restored; the vaulting of the crypt has, however, been covered with modern stucco.
Fortunately for the unimpeded expansion of Italian art, little was brought to light of antique workmanship during the th and th centuries.
These and other reasons, notably the manufacture of much fictitious wine with the aid of sugar (fortunately stopped by the rigid new wine laws), led to the grave wine crisis, which almost amounted to a revolution in the Midi in the spring and summer of .
Fortunately, young Calhoun had the opportunity, although late, of studying under his brother-in-law, the Rev. Moses Waddell (-), a Presbyterian minister, who afterwards, from  to , was president of the University of Georgia.
The Talmud outlived the reactionary tendencies of the Qaraites (q.v.) and of the Kabbalah, and fortunately, since these movements, important though they undoubtedly were for the evolution of thought, had not within them the power to be of lasting benefit to the rank and file of the community.
The observations of Spruce are of themselves almost conclusive as to the possibility of Europeans becoming acclimatized in the tropics; and if it is objected that this evidence applies only to the dark-haired southern races, we are fortunately able to point to facts, almost equally well authenticated and conclusive, in the case of one of the typical Germanic races.
Her next-door neighbours, Poland and Russia, were necessarily her competitors; fortunately they were also each other's rivals; obviously her best policy was to counterpoise them.
Fortunately, both in these quarrels and in all his difficulties with Stephen, he secured the strong and uniform support of the Roman Curia.
The common standpoint, the relation to contemporary or earlier systems, with all that goes to make up the character and spirit of Stoicism, can, fortunately, be more certainly established, and may with reason be attributed to the founder.
To this supposed residence at Meudon and to the previous stay at Rome, however, are attached two of the most mischievous items of the legend, though fortunately two of the most easily refutable.
Up to  this was the only Assyrian palace which had ever been explored systematically, in its entirety, and fortunately it was found on the whole in an admirable state of preservation.
Most fortunately for Europe, the Teutonic races already settled in Gaul rallied to the defence of the empire against invaders infinitely more barbarous than themselves.
Eusebius' biography of Constantine shows what distortion of fact the father of Church history permitted himself, but the Ecclesiastical History was fortunately written for those who wanted to know what really happened, and remains to-day an invaluable repository of Christian antiquities.
Fortunately, however, for him, he broke his leg on the journey, and his arrival was thus delayed till the news of Queen Mary's death freed him from further danger.
He telegraphed for reliefs from every available quarter, fortunately being able to divert the troops then on their way to China.
Though the two great princes of Central India, Sindhia and Holkar, wisely and fortunately remained true to the British, troops belonging to both of them joined the mutineers.
Bolingbroke's daring spirit, however, recoiled from no extreme, and, fortunately for Swift, he added so much of his own to the latter's MS. that the production was first delayed and then, upon the news of Anne's death, immediately suppressed.
Fortunately, however, for the peace of Cape Colony at that time, Sir Charles Warren, sent by the imperial government to maintain British rights, removed the invading Boers from Stellaland and Goshen - two so-called republics set up by the Boer freebooters - in March  and no rebellion occurred.
Fortunately good water is tolerably plentiful; for, though the wells are mostly undrinkable, and even the famous Zamzam water only available for medicinal or religious purposes, the underground conduit from beyond Arafa, completed by Sultan Selim II.
Fortunately for the Americans, however, the company in  sent to the Columbia river as its chief factor and governor west of the Rocky Mountains Dr John McLoughlin (-), who ruled the region with an iron hand, but with a benevolent purpose, for twenty-two years.
Fortunately the pope interfered for a moment to lighten the friction; being threatened with a new invasion by the emperor Frederick, he suspended the sentences and sent legates to patch up a peace.
Fortunately for the duke of Guienne the majority of his subjects had no desire to become Frenchmen; the Gascons felt no national sympathy with their neighbors of the north, and the towns in especial were linked to England by close ties of commerce, and had no wish whatever to break off their allegiance to the house of Plantagenet.
Fortunately for Bolingbroke the young earl was only six years of age; not a voice was raised in his favor in parliament.
Fortunately for the king his subjects laid all the blame upon his mouthpiece the cardinal, instead of placing it where it was due.
Fortunately for Elizabeth, Francis died in , and the French government passed into the hands of Catherine de Medici, who had no cause to love her daughter-in-law and the Guises.
Fortunately for Poland, the tsar and the king of Sweden now quarrelled over the apportionment of the spoil, and at the end of May  Alexius, stimulated by the emperor and the other enemies of Sweden, declared war against her.
Fortunately, Biren was, sufficiently prudent not to meddle with foreign affairs or with the army, and these departments in the able hands of two other foreigners, who thoroughly identified themselves with Russia, Andrei Osterman and Burkhardt Miinnich (q.v.) did great things in the reign of Anne.
How the stars really move in space, and how the sun travels among them, can be ascertained only with the aid of materials collected by the spectrograph, which has now fortunately been brought to comply with the arduous conditions of exactitude requisite for collaboration with the transit instrument and its allies, the clock and chronograph.
Fortunately for him, a new rising had just broken out; the mob burst into the court, and he was acquitted.
His desire to observe the southern heavens led him to propose, in , an astronomical expedition to the Cape of Good Hope, which was officially sanctioned, and fortunately executed.
Fortunately, with the advent of last minute cruises, even the thriftiest traveler can afford to let loose on a spur-of-the-moment ocean adventure.
Fortunately, in the past ten years, Greyhound rescue organizations have convinced racetrack owners to bring their dogs to the various rescue shelters throughout the US.
Fortunately, more enlightened minds have prevailed and the majority of pet owners wish to protect and preserve their dog's health and welfare.
Fortunately, there are a number of places where you can purchase such a bed on the Internet, as well as locally.
Fortunately the colors of the flowers are for the most part simple, and raisers should steer clear of the ugly striped kinds.
Fortunately, there are a number of books on the market specifically designed for players who wish to learn the music of Brazil.
Fortunately, there are websites with scales and other exercises on them to help you become used to playing Brazilian guitar.
Fortunately the Internet means that it is possible to 'window shop' extensively from the comfort of an armchair, looking at different bracelets and gemstones online.
Fortunately, most online-based shops will have reasonable exchange or return policies if the suit turns out not to work as well as you'd hoped.
Fortunately, there is a good range to choose from that is specifically designed to be flexible and comfortable so that your swing is wholly uncompromised.
Fortunately, there is simply no dearth of styles available for the fashion-conscious man who wants something that looks as great as it feels and performs.
Fortunately, there are ready-made mixes available, as well as recipes to help you quickly whip up a batch with a few simple ingredients.
Fortunately, even if you restrict your choices to USDA-certified organic brands, you will still be able to choose from plenty of high quality skin care products.
Fortunately, enough people are passionate about their corn that you won't need to look far to find a source for corn seeds that are certified as organic.
Fortunately many manufacturers have caught on to the increasing demand to provide more options for those beyond a C or D cup, and even the opportunity to purchase a custom-made plus size bra is now available.
Fortunately for plus size gals, lingerie retailers know that full-figured women want to look attractive and offer a variety of corsets especially for the more curvaceous.
Fortunately, with books like Big Girl Knits, Family Circle Easy Plus Size Knits and More Big Girl Knits, you have more choices when it comes to sweater sizes.
Fortunately, with stylish women like Queen Latifah and Jennifer Hudson to look to, bigger girls are seeing that they can dress well all the time and show off their best features.
Fortunately, you can find bras in nearly every shade imaginable and many of them are made just for the full-figured woman.
Fortunately, the fashion industry is finally aware of the demand and has stepped up with great dresses and suits in a range of sizes and styles.
Fortunately, designers now understand how to create dresses for the fuller figure that are appropriate for the season and the woman wearing the dress.
Fortunately, plenty of individual designers have come to the rescue and you can go online and find some great choices.
Fortunately, the Internet offers a range of choices and online shops understand that something you order may not look or fit exactly as you hoped, so they provide free exchange or return services.
Fortunately, there are quite a few sites that sell body stockings for those vixens who want to spice things up a bit.
Brick and mortar lingerie stores may not offer as wide a variety as many women would like, but fortunately the Internet offers a wealth of sites that allow you to purchase plus size body stockings in any color or size.
Fortunately, they are all available at a variety of price points, so even if you're watching your wallet you can comfortably purchase a flattering piece without suffering buyer's remorse.
Fortunately, the plus size clothing industry is finally boundless, no longer limited to the handful of shapeless, less-than-flattering pieces that were once the norm.
When you are both plus size and petite finding the right clothing to fit your shape can be difficult, fortunately specialty designers offer options for women's petite size  pants.
Fortunately, cocktail parties and weddings are not the only venues that call for evening attire, or your statement-making garment would spend most of its time in the closet.
Fortunately, they have a very detailed website that allows you to do some proper browsing so that you can narrow your choices before you get to the store.
Fortunately, the truth is that senior sex, while different from the sex you had in your s, can still be hugely satisfying and fulfilling.
Fortunately, there are plenty of places with good climates, good facilities, and plenty of amenities for seniors from which to choose.
Fortunately, using prescription or OTC products to stop snoring is effective for most of the estimated  million Americans who snore.
Fortunately, there are some effective treatments to try that you can do from the comfort of your home to ease this problem.
Fortunately, cataracts can be removed and vision restored in the majority of patients if other significant ocular diseases do not exist.
Fortunately, Flash Pass is available for the coaster and can allow riders to bypass the lengthy line if they are willing to pay the extra charges for the privilege.
Fortunately, there are many different ticket options to suit different guests' needs, and there are many ways to save money when visiting Cedar Point.
Fortunately, savvy guests can find ways to save on a Cedar Point visit without sacrificing the fun at this world class amusement park.
Fortunately, there are still several ways to make your own discounts to ensure you get the most value from your day at the park.
Fortunately, there are many ways to find discount theme park tickets, and occasionally there are even ways to find free amusement park tickets if you are a savvy shopper.
Fortunately, the four theme parks that comprise Disney World and the various resort hotels associated with the Disney World experience feature multiple opportunities for Disney character interactions.
Juggling the various tasks can be a real challenge, but fortunately there's enough strategy (and bonuses for good performance) to make this game a real winner.
Fortunately, the aliens discover a clever way of getting rid of the garbage -- lining them up in colored groups of three.
You can use the arrows and button in the in-game menus, which is of limited use; fortunately, there's also a blank space in the middle where you can stand between dances to avoid having the game go haywire in the menus.
Fortunately, there are ways to push groups of enemies back, like the Mana Blast that knocks them back and stuns (or kills) those in a specific range.
Fortunately for the player, as the game progresses new moves and abilities are opened for purchase based on points earned for destruction.
Fortunately, new patches were created that corrected the majority of the problems and I was able to continue with it.
Fortunately, although you'd be hard pressed to figure it out by looking at the packages, both work on the same basic principle.
Fortunately, the Prince will get access to "Recall" the famous reversing time option that allows you to move back a few seconds to allow you to correct a mistake.
