
They were as gentle as kittens; but I told her they would get wild and fierce as they grew older.
In the campaigns of - the French gradually overcame the fierce resistance of the islanders; and Paoli, after sustaining a defeat at Ponte-Novo (th of May ), fled to the mainland, and ultimately to England.
Open-air conventicles were held in all parts of the provinces, and the fierce Calvinist preachers raised the religious excitement of their hearers to such aitch that it found vent in a furious outburst The lcono- P oasts.
In that case, all who accept a revelation without professing to understand its content would require to be ranked as mystics; the fierce sincerity of Tertullian's credo quia ab-' surdum, Pascal's reconciliation of contradictions in Jesus Christ, and Bayle's half-sneering subordination of reason to faith would all be marks of this standpoint.
But before the words were well out of his mouth, his cap flew off and a fierce blow jerked his head to one side.
As the little Wizard turned to follow them he felt a hot breath against his cheek and heard a low, fierce growl.
Many large and fierce bears roam in the Valley of Voe, and when they can catch any of us they eat us up; but as they cannot see us, we seldom get caught.
In the charter granted by the Canadian parliament to the Canadian Pacific railway a clause giving it for twenty years control over the railway construction of the province led to a fierce agitation, till the clause was repealed in .
They had fierce eyes and sharp talons and beaks, and the children hoped none of them would venture into the cavern.
On many of the islets numerous tropical fruits are found growing wild, but they are no doubt escapes from cultivation, just as the large herds of wild cattle, horses, donkeys, pigs, goats and dogs - the last large and fierce - which occur abundantly on most of the islands have escaped from domestication.
The wild and inaccessible character of the country, the fierce and lawless disposition of the people, the difficulties presented by their language and their complex social institutions, and the inability of the Turkish authorities to afford a safe conduct in the remoter districts, combine to render Albania almost unknown to the foreign traveller, and many of its geographical problems still remain unsolved.
General Loring kindly showed me a copy of one of the wonderful bronze doors of the Baptistry of Florence, and I felt of the graceful pillars, resting on the backs of fierce lions.
It was the intense, fierce look of a leader and a warrior, and she was surprised to note a difference in the way he regarded her not more than an hour ago.
An end was put to these disorders only by the mutual agreement of the two contestants, alike horrified and exhausted by the fierce outburst of passion, in September .
The fierce mining population of the town was mainly German, and fanatically Catholic, in contrast with Prague, which was Czech and utraquist.
Alexander Ghent had fallen into the hands of John Casimir, Farnese and under his armed protection a fierce and intolerant governor= Calvinism reigned supreme in that important city.
They present to the fierce play of the sun almost a level surface, so that during the day that surface becomes intensely heated and at night gives off its heat by radiation.
During the rutting-season male camels become exceedingly savage and dangerous, uttering a loud bubbling roar and engaging in fierce contests with their fellows.
A fierce quarrel arose over his burial between the brotherhood of St Stephen, to which he had belonged, and the university professors, who desired to escort his corpse to the grave.
Iliana was a relatively young Immortal who had been at his side for only a few decades, having caught his attention with her fighting skill and fierce loyalty.
But he was at the same time vacillating, and not qualified to struggle against the fierce energies roused by the events of the Revolution.
The time was one of fierce persecution directed against the Christians, and the bishop of Carthage became a prominent object of attack.
To these seven groups, which are included under the general appellation of Malissori, or "highlanders," may be added the Malsia of Dibra, who extend to the west and north of that town, and form a large separate group; they are notorious for their fierce lawless character, and maintain themselves by plundering the Bulgarian peasants in their neighbourhood.
The year  (called the annus mirabilis, for it included the plague and the fire of London) was marked by fierce fighting and changes of fortune.
Forgiveness of injuries was as alien from her fierce and loyal spirit as forgetfulness of benefits; the destruction of England and its liberties by Spanish invasion and conquest was the strongest aspiration of her parting soul.
After a fierce electoral fight the Takkians were victors at the first polls, but were beaten at the second ballots.
The old males, however, live alone except in the rutting season, which occurs in October, when they join the herds, driving off the younger bucks, and engaging in fierce contests with each other, that often end fatally for one at least of the combatants.
In  Hubert, who had inherited from his predecessors in the primacy a fierce quarrel with the Canterbury monks, gave these enemies an opportunity of complaining to the pope, for in arresting the London demagogue, William Fitz Osbert, he had committed an act of sacrilege in Bow Church, which belonged to the monks.
The Renaissance was followed by the fierce controversies aroused by the Reformation, and the result was the output of an enormous mass of writings covering every phase of the mighty combat and possessing every literary virtue save that of impartiality.
On the th of April  an imperial decree abolished some of the more burdensome feudal obligations; but this concession was greeted with so fierce an outcry, as an authoritative endorsement of the atrocities, that it was again revoked, and Count Franz von Stadion was sent to restore order in Galicia.
The former, called by the Arabs Mukaukis (Muqauqis) from his Coptic name Pkauchios, had for ten years before the arrival of Amr maintained a fierce persecution of the Jacobite sect, to which the bulk of the Copts belonged.
His army, however, under Fiki Adam, fought a fierce battle close to El Fasher on the nd, which resulted in its defeat and dispersion, and Abu Gemaiza himself dying the following day, the movement collapsed.
They, however, reserved certain rights, and their insistence on these led to fierce and sanguinary feuds between the burghers and the margraves Albert Achilles and Frederick and Albert Alcibiades of Bayreuth.
At Wigan Lane on the th of August a fierce battle took place between the Royalist forces under Lord Derby and Sir Thomas Tyldesley and the Parliamentarians under Colonel Lilburne, in which the Royalists were defeated, Tyldesley was killed and Lord Derby wounded.
A fierce engagement took place wherein the Norman and Flemish troops were utterly routed, and the victorious Cymry slew thousands of their fugitives at the fords of the Teifi close to the town of Cardigan.
A poor defensive header fell to the dangerous Routledge on the left and the winger cut inside before unleashing a fierce swerving drive.
From this type evidently descended the milder and more civilized kings of the XIIth Dynasty, the resemblance being so strong that the fierce figures have even been identified with that dynasty by some.
His mother Khamko, a woman of extraordinary character, thereupon herself formed and led a brigand band, and studied to inspire the boy with her own fierce and indomitable temper, with a view to revenge and the recovery of the lost property.
On the nd of October  was promulgated the new common constitution, which for two years had been the occasion of a fierce contention between the Conservatives and the Radicals.
Lord Loftus came into violent conflict with the lord deputy, Viscount Falkland, in ; and at a later date his quarrel with Strafford was still more fierce.
But perhaps the most singular scene is the council of three great ladies presided over by Servilia at Antium, which decides the movements of Brutus and Cassius in June  B.C., when Cassius " looking very fierce - you would say that he was breathing fire and sword " - blustered concerning what he considered an insult, viz.
A fierce battle took place in the plain of Barbata on the little river of Guadaleta (north of Medina Sidonia), in which Roderic was completely routed.
But in October  their march was checked between Tours and Poitiers by Charles Martel and after some days of skirmishing a fierce but indecisive battle was fought.
The respite of an hour enabled the allies to organize a fierce counter-attack; Ney was checked until the flanking columns of Victor and Reynier could come upon the scene.
Once more God "appoints" something; it is the east wind, which, together with the fierce heat, brings Jonah again to desperation.
The climate shows great extremes of heat in summer and of cold in winter, when fierce north and north-west winds blow across the plains.
And this conduct is the result, not only of his fierce and inexorable character, but also (as the silence of Homer shows) of the want of any general rules or principles, any code of morality or of honour, which would have required him to act in a different way.
As his slender forces were inadequate to encounter the fierce hostility which he aroused, he left Italy in the autumn of  to prepare for a new and more formidable campaign.
Although at times subject to fierce criticism with regard to matters of administration and finance, he was recognized as one of the ablest men on the Confederate side, and he remained with Jefferson Davis to the last, sharing his flight after the surrender at Appomattox, and only leaving him shortly before his capture, because he found himself unable to go farther on horseback.
The growth of Puritanism in Wales was neither strong nor speedy, although the year , which witnessed the appearance of Bishop Morgan's Bible, also gave birth to two fierce appeals to the parliament, urging a drastic Puritanical policy in Wales, from the pen of the celebrated John Penry, a native of Brecknockshire (-).
Despite the fierce efforts of Vavasor Powell and his brother itinerant preachers to thwart the reception of this South Wales petition at Westminster, Colonel Freeman was able to urge the claims of the petitioners, or " Anti-Propagators " as they were termed, at the bar of the House of Commons, openly declaring that by the late policy of ejectment and destruction " the light of the Gospel was almost extinguished in Wales."
They were slain by a dragon, which was in turn destroyed by Cadmus; and by the instructions of Athena he sowed its teeth in the ground, from which there sprang a race of fierce armed men, called Sparti (sown).
The people are described as being of small stature with dark yellow complexions; they were fierce in appearance, but upright and studious.
Beyond the limits of the Inca conquest the Indians of Chile were distinguished by fierce independence of character and by their warlike qualities.
Except for a brief period of submission to the Ghaznevids (-) they ruled at Ghor until , when they were conquered after a fierce struggle.
It is probable that this charge grew out of the fierce persecution which was carried on by Gaiseric and his son against the Catholic Christians, and which is the darkest stain on their characters.
Nevin (q.v.), by its Neander-like view that Romanism and Protestantism were only stages in the divinely appointed development of the Christian Church, aroused fierce opposition in the Reformed Church and Schaff was characterized as "Puseyistic" and "semi-papistical"; in  he was tried for heresy and found not guilty by the Synod.
But the prevailing impression we carry away after reading him is that in all his early satires he was animated by a sincere and manly detestation of the tyranny and cruelty, the debauchery and luxury, the levity and effeminacy, the crimes and frauds, which we know from other sources were then rife in Rome, and that a more serene wisdom and a happier frame of mind were attained by him when old age had somewhat allayed the fierce rage which vexed his manhood.
Regarded at first with distrust by Turkey, Russia and Austria, he succeeded in gaining general recognition in six months; but he had to contend for ten years with fierce party struggles between the Conservatives and the Liberals.
It is my purpose also to give the names and number and times of those who through love of innovation have run into the greatest errors, and proclaiming themselves discoverers of knowledge, falsely so called, have like fierce wolves unmercifully devastated the flock of Christ.
Her fierce partisanship embittered her enemies, and the Yorkists did not hesitate to allege that her son was a bastard.
The Marian persecution was still fresh in men's minds, and the graphic narrative intensified in its numerous readers the fierce hatred of Spain and of the Inquisition which was one of the master passions of the reign.
Zola's object was a prosecution for libel, and a judicial inquiry into the whole affaire, and at the trial, which took place in Paris in February, a fierce flood of light was thrown on the case.
During the spring and summer months the prevalence of fierce cutting winds, which are shaped by the conformation of the valleys into blasts as through a funnel, following the strike of the valleys either up or down, makes travelling painful and existence in camp most unpleasant.
Leopards, both spotted and black, are numerous and often of great size; hyaenas are found everywhere and are hardy and fierce; the lynx, wolf, wild dog and jackal are also common.
The first years of the th century were disturbed by fierce campaigns between Guxa, ras of Gondar, and Wolda Selassie, ras of Tigre, who were both striving for the crown of Guxa's master, the emperor Eguala Izeion.
The first assault thus made no impression, but a fierce hand-to-hand combat followed, in which the Hospitallers, who formed the rear of the Christian army, were hard pressed.
Swift, who was intimate with him, speaks of him as "an arrant knave"; but the dean may have been disappointed at being unmentioned in Rivers's will, for he made a fierce comment on the earl's bequests to his mistresses and his neglect of his friends.
Again, a peasant of Vinci having in his simplicity asked Ser Piero to get a picture painted for him on a wooden shield, the father is said to have laughingly handed on the commission to his son, who thereupon shut himself up with all the noxious insects and grotesque reptiles he could find, observed and drew and dissected them assiduously, and produced at last a picture of a dragon compounded of their various shapes and aspects, which was so fierce and so life-like as to terrify all who saw it.
The tribe of Levi had also been miraculously guided, from near Babylon, to Havila, where they were enclosed and protected by the mystic river Sambation or Sabbation, which on the Sabbath, though calm, was veiled in impenetrable mist, while on other days it ran with a fierce untraversable current of stones and sand.
The Cossacks of the Ukraine, who kept it, revolted against their Polish rulers about , and sustained a fierce siege.
With his fierce hatred of what he recognized as injustice, it was impossible that he should not feel exasperated at the gross misgovernment of Ireland for the supposed benefit of England, the systematic exclusion of Irishmen from places of honour and profit, the spoliation of the country by absentee landlords, the deliberate discouragement of Irish trade and manufactures.
Few men of so much mental force have had so little genius for speculation, and he is constantly dominated by fierce instincts which he mistakes for reasons.
The Chinese travellers, Fa Hien in the th century, and Hsiian Tsang in the th century, found the Buddhist religion prevailing throughout Bengal, but already in a fierce struggle with Hinduism - a struggle which ended about the th or th century in the general establishment of the latter faith.
On the th of September the Venezuelans, who had entered Colombia, were totally routed near La Hacha, and after fierce fighting the insurgents at Colon were compelled to surrender on the th of November.
The French entered the city in spite of the fierce resistance of the lazzaroni, who were devoted to the king, and with the aid of the nobles and bourgeois established the Parthenopaean Republic (January ).
Though their ancestors had been pirates as fierce as the vikings of the th century, and though some of their later kings had led naval armamentsEdwin had annexed for a moment Man and Anglesea, and Ecgfrith had cruelly ravaged part of Irelandyet by the year  they appear to have ceased to be a seafaring race.
But nobody was wronged; his creditors were all paid in time, and his hands were at least clean of traffic in reversions, clerkships, tellerships and all the rest of the rich sinecures which it was thought no shame in those days for the aristocracy of the land and the robe to wrangle for, and gorge themselves upon, with the fierce voracity of famishing wolves.
The humiliation of the king and queen after their capture at Varennes; the compulsory acceptance of the constitution; the plain incompetence of the new Legislative Assembly; the growing violence of the Parisian mob, and the ascendency of the Jacobins at the Common Hall; the fierce day of the th of June (), when the mob flooded the Tuileries, and the bloodier day of the th of August, when the Swiss guard was massacred and the royal family flung into prison; the murders in the prisons in September; the trial and execution of the king in January (); the proscription of the Girondins in June, the execution of the queen in October - if we realize the impression likely to be made upon the sober and homely English imagination by such a heightening of horror by horror, we may easily understand how people came to listen to Burke's voice as the voice of inspiration, and to look on his burning anger as the holy fervour of a prophet of the Lord.
After the death of Baumgarten () Semler became the head of the theological faculty of his university, and the fierce opposition which his.
Slaveraiding continued ceaselessly; by  the Portuguese had carried off nearly a thousand captives from the newly surveyed coasts; but between this time and the voyages of Cadamosto in -, the prince altered his policy, forbade the kidnapping of the natives (which had brought about fierce reprisals, causing the death of Nuno Tristam in , and of other pioneers in , , &c.), and endeavoured to promote their peaceful intercourse with his men.
On the other hand a string of islands extends along this coast, which offer many safe and easily accessible places of anchorage to ships during the fierce winter gales which rage in the Adriatic. The principal are Pago, Pasman, Isola Lunga and Isola Incoronata, Brazza, Lesina, Curzola and Meleda.
In almost all the gates of hell are guarded by fierce beasts, and in Ojibway, Finnish, Greek, Papuan and Japanese myths no mortal visitor may escape from Hades who has once tasted the food of the dead.
Under the protection of the Frankish king Dagobert (-), the Christian missionaries Amandus (St Amand) and Eligius (St Eloi) attempted the conversion of these Flemish Frisians, and their efforts were attended with a certain measure of success; but farther north the building of a church by Dagobert at Trajectum (Utrecht) at once aroused the fierce hostility of the heathen tribesmen of the Zuider Zee.
His satire is incisive, but in a scholarly and humanistic way; it does not appeal to popular passions with the fierce directness which enabled the master of Catholic satire, Thomas Murner, to inflict such telling blows.
On the th of July  Hunyadi with his flotilla destroyed the Turkish fleet; on the st Szilagyi beat off a fierce assault, and the same day Hunyadi, taking advantage of the confusion of the Turks, pursued them into their camp, which he captured after a desperate encounter.
As you might expect in this context, this was a fast and highly athletic piece, ... just the fierce exhilaration of performance.
He had completed it in ; but owing to the fierce opposition with which he had to contend, he was only able to print it at Paris in , by aid of a son, who had turned Catholic. The various readings in the Old Testament text and the differences between the ancient versions and the Massoretic text convinced him that the idea of the integrity of the Hebrew text, as commonly held by Protestants, was untenable.
After the death of Francis I., his successor, Henry II., set himself even more strenuously to .extirpate heresy; a special branch of the parlement of Paris - the so-called Chambre ardente - for the trial of heresy cases party was established, and the fierce edict of Chateaubriand (June ) explicitly adopted many of the expedients of the papal inquisition.
Manuel, formerly a member of the Convention, to the Liberal paper, Courrier francais, where he became a member of the staff which carried on a fierce pen-and-ink warfare against the Restoration.
Apart from the natural fear that he would arouse prejudice in the English-speaking provinces, the second Riel rebellion was then still fresh in the public mind, and the fierce nationalist agitation which Kiel's execution had excited in Quebec had hardly subsided.
Even in the existing versions of the letters, translated from the lost originals and retranslated from this translation of a text which was probably destroyed in  by order of King James on his accession to the English throne - even in these possibly disfigured versions, the fiery pathos of passion, the fierce and piteous fluctuations of spirit between love and hate, hope and rage and jealousy, have an eloquence apparently beyond the imitation or invention of art (see Casket Letters ).
His father, Erik Johansson of Rydboholm, "a merry and jocose gentleman," but, like all the Swedish Vasas, liable to sudden fierce gusts of temper, was one of the senators who voted for the deposition of Archbishop Trolle, at the riksdag of  (see Sweden, History), for which act of patriotism he lost his head.
This fact, together with the strong Italian bias of the Valois, serves to explain in some degree the reason why the Counter-Reformation entailed those fierce entangled civil wars, massacres of St Bartholomew, murders of the Guises, regicides, treasons and empoisonments that terminated with the compromise of Henry IV.
St Bernard accused him of sharing the doctrines of Abelard (see Ep. , ), and procured his condemnation by the council of Sens (I ) at the same time as that of the great scholastic. This was perhaps no more than the outcome of the fierce polemical spirit of the abbot of Clairvaux, which led him to include all his adversaries under a single anathema.
It was formed by men who were fierce Puritan enthusiasts, and who for the very reason that the intensity of their religion separated them from the mass of their countrymen, had learnt to uphold with all the energy of zeal the doctrine that neither church nor state had a right to interfere with the forms of worship which each congregation might select for itself (see CONGREGATIONALSM and CROMWElL, OT.lvER).
But the movement against her came from Italy, and was resented by Philip and the Spanish authorities as undue interference; and after a fierce struggle, during which Teresa was two years under arrest at Toledo, the Carmelites were divided into two bodies in , and the Descalzos obtained the right to elect their own provincial-generals (see Carmelites).
The tragic close of his career appeased for the moment the fierce hatred of politics, and his death was very generally deplored as a national calamity.'
All year round skittle leagues are the focus of fierce neighborhood rivalries in the long, thin alleys tacked to the back of pubs.
If you are considering a career as a makeup artist, know the competition is fierce and the road can be a challenging one.
Mills proved that she could be a fierce competitor by staying on the show for many weeks before her eventual demise.
Competition is fierce and training is brutal, as the stars must learn tricky maneuvers and moves while pairing them with grace and eloquence which may or may not, come naturally.
So, those hoping to see it for their own eyes before they can believe are just going to have to go on blind faith that the end of the fierce rivalry has come.
Calm by nature, Great Pyrs have a fierce loyalty to their family making them very protective and excellent watch dogs.
The plant is best in moist, peaty soil, and in partial shade, fierce sun heat scorching both leaves and flowers.
Marilyn Monroe made the halter dress popular with her stunning white ensemble that is the inspiration for costumes like the one featured on Fierce Costumes but you don't have to opt for a costume to get a glamorous look.
Despite the doubtful conduct of part of the royal army, and the fierce resistance of the Germans and Irish, the rebel army was routed.
His selfishness, his cruelty, his ingratitude, his fierce hatred of criticism and opposition, his sensuality, had yet to be discovered by his subjects.
The latter project provoked fierce resistance; various risings were planned for the opening months of , and Wyats nearly proved successful.
The whole of the upper and middle classes, with few exceptions, clung together in a fierce spirit of resistance; and the mass of the lower classes, especially in the country, were too well off to wish for change.
A fierce hatred of France and of all that attached itself to France became the predominating spirit of the nation.
His efforts to make Servian writers adopt his reformed alphabet, and accept the language of the common people as a literary language, met with fierce opposition, especially on the part of the clergy and friends of the artificial Slaveno-Servian literary language.
Will and I then set off to brave the Fierce Ladies, storm clouds gathered and a deluge poured down upon the mountains.
The recent report shows that, in a fierce global competition for the best talent, the UK is in danger of losing.
Steve Jones sent a fierce drive sliding across the slippery surface drenched by a downpour which keeper Lee Butler saved.
Two nights before, I dreamt of being confronted by a fierce, very awake dragon and it evoked terror in me.
In the midst of a fierce lightsaber duel with the Sith Lord, Luke faces a terrible truth about the Skywalker legacy.
The headlong fortune of my rash captivity Strikes not so fierce a wound into my hopes As thy dear loss.
In a fierce firefight, the th Gurkhas had to be sent up to cover the retreat of the Indian battalions.
Wireless hotspots are popping up at a fierce rate across the UK, allowing anyone with a Wi-Fi-enabled laptop or PDA to get online.
While they are being pounded by a fierce storm, clutching the life raft, he is shooting at them like sitting ducks.
Louisa May Alcott Even amidst fierce flames The golden lotus can be planted From Sylvia Plath's grave Always keep Ithaca in your mind.
Despite the often fierce polemics and talk of war, the wider Macedonian region has also remained peaceful throughout this period.
The invasion grabbed a small piece of land but the French put up fierce resistance and a full-scale invasion of southern France never occurred.
However, all that changed when the Wirral striker rode a few tackles and struck a fierce shot into the goal.
The morning promised sunshine but dealt us a fierce squall of wind and rain just as we unpacked the minibus.
This is no joke when the ants are fierce when provoked and have some of the most potent toxins around, wear your shoes.
Of the church of St Lawrence part, including the tower, is Norman; the building was the scene of a fierce conflict between the royalist and parliamentary troops in .
The neighbourhood of Tecuci was the scene of a fierce battle in  between Stephen the Great and the Turks.
Mendoza, after some fierce encounters with the Indians, now proceeded up the Parana, and built a fort, which he called Corpus Christi, near the site of Cabot's former settlement of San Espiritu.
Cromwell followed through Yorkshire, and uniting with Lambert and Harrison at Evesham proceeded to attack the royalists at Worcester; where on the rd of September after a fierce struggle the great victory, "the crowning mercy" which terminated the Civil War, was obtained over Charles.
Examples of these plates are erected on the west coast of England, where in the winter fierce gales often occur; a pressure of  lb per sq.
Although he had in  openly embraced the Roman Catholic faith, he hesitated to commit himself entirely to the acts of the fierce devotees who surrounded the king, whom he advised to reverse the arbitrary acts of the last year or two, and in October  he was dismissed by James with the remark "I hope you will be more faithful to your next master than you have been to me."
The fierce struggle between autocratic tyranny and oligarchic disorder, which went on in intermittent fashion during the whole of his reign, cannot be here described in detail, but the chief incidents may be mentioned.
In  (see below) the French army under Gaston de Foix fought a fierce battle with the Spanish, Venetian, and papal troops on the banks of the Ronco about two miles from Ravenna.
Men of all standards of integrity, they were exposed to external influences, but whether divided among themselves in their adherence to conflicting parties, or isolated in their fierce denunciation of contemporary abuses, they shared alike in the worship of Yahweh whose inspiration they claimed.
In , in consequence of the attack upon the doctrines of Origen made by Epiphanius of Salamis during a visit to Jerusalem, a fierce quarrel broke out, which found Rufinus and Jerome on different sides; and, though three years afterwards a formal reconciliation was brought about between Jerome and John, the breach between Jerome and Rufinus remained unhealed.
In  he succeeded Count Herbert Bismarck as Secretary for Foreign Affairs under the Caprivi chancellorship and continued to hold that office under Prince von Hohenlohe; but he had incurred the enmity of Prince Bismarck by refusing his advice when he first assumed office, and the result was a fierce press campaign against him which finally obliged him to speak out when he appeared as a witness at the trial of certain journalists in  for lese-majeste.
But although, as we have said, in ordinary times there was no necessity for secrecy, yet when the peace of the Church was broken by the fierce and often protracted persecutions of the heathen emperors, it became essential to adopt precautions to conceal the entrance to the cemeteries, which became the temporary hiding-places of the Christian fugitives, and to baffle the search of their pursuers.
In a letter to the cardinal patriarch of Lisbon entitled (), he denounced the fanaticism and ignorance of the clergy in plain terms, and this provoked a fierce pamphlet war marked by much personal abuse.
In , and again in , two dangerous pagan risings shook the very foundations of the infant church and state; the western provinces were in constant danger from the attacks of the acquisitive emperors, and from the south and southeast two separate hordes of fierce barbarians (the Petchenegs in -, and the Kumanians in -) burst over the land.
The one was the intense bigotry and intolerant policy of Aurangzeb, which had alienated the Hindus and roused the fierce animosity of the haughty Rajputs.
The generous scorn and pathos of the historian acting on extraordinary gifts of imaginative insight and characterization, and the fierce indignation of the satirist finding its vent in exaggerating realism, doubtless to some extent warped their impressions; nevertheless their works are the last voices expressive of the freedom and manly virtue of the ancient world.
From chic tops to vivid handbags, it seems almost every garment and accessory out there has been touched in some way by a fierce animal print.
Peter Jackson's King Kong game will take you on an adventure to Skull Island, where your main weapon is a primitive spear, and fierce opponents like King Kong along with multiple dinosaurs that attack you at every turn.
The Xbox  is the only currently available "next-generation" machine right now, but with the Nintendo Revolution not far off, the competition will quickly become quite fierce.
Fortunately, the competition is fierce, so you can find a good cell phone plan deal by searching and comparing the cell phone calling plans offered by different companies.
Competition in the wireless industry can be incredibly fierce and Verizon's introduction of Android smartphones represented a huge boon for the company.
Whether people are gun collectors, hunters, or fierce gun control advocates, they need to ensure their families' safety by talking with their children about the potential dangers of guns and what to do if one is found.
They exhibit a fierce loyalty to other gang members and are highly resistant to change, even after arrest and detention for gang-related crimes.
This does not mean that the dance group is not that good; it means that the show had so many talented individuals and groups performing that the competition was fierce.
Some ladies opt for a push away bang that softly sweeps the jaw line, while others seek a fierce straight bang that immediately draws sexy attention to the eyes.
Couture designers such as Chanel, Christian Dior and Yves Saint Laurent often rely on chic straight locks to fierce up their seasonal runway displays.
Getting the job will be a fierce competition, and opportunities and earnings will, of course, be reflected by economics and consumer preferences.
Competition for positions with the company is fierce, and failing to follow instructions precisely will mean that an individual's application will not be considered.
Agents will lobby the magazine to have their top supermodels included in the next issue, and with so many beautiful women, the competition is fierce.
Are you someone who enjoys a fierce game of volleyball, or someone who prefers to sun and read a good book?
To be sure, the competition is something fierce at many of these contests, and a sheer style might be just the look you need to wow those discerning judges.
To be sure, these bikinis are scant, and it takes a woman with a fierce pride in her shape to strut this look comfortably.
Although they are not as fierce as the Imaginext Adventures Deluxe Dragon, they have powers and features that make them worthy companions.
Where did this company come from, and how does it stack up against the competition in such a fierce field as health and sports supplements?
Legends say that the Aztecs carried only one tablespoon of seeds per person during long marches, but that was enough to sustain their fierce warriors.
Gold is striking and can take on a fierce, edgy stance, but it can also be diminutive, innocent and even sweet.
Moulinex's problems compounded when competition in the small kitchen appliance market became fierce worldwide and their products were largely deemed inferior in construction and performance.
Torrential downpours, heavy snowstorms and fierce winds are hard to capture in real time, but they're easy to simulate on the big screen.
Christian had a very colorful attitude and often peppered his interviews with phrases that have since become mainstream slang, such as saying that someone looks "fierce" or "a hot mess."
The competition to land a spot on the show is fierce, but there are things you can do to increase your chances of surviving the cuts.
Despite the obvious twists, Half Blood Prince delivers a shocking blow to the fate of Harry Potter and Rowling's conclusion to his story in book seven will no doubt be a fierce battle between good and evil.
She has a reputation for a short temper and a fierce hatred of Cardassians, though she keeps her anger in check and always performs her duties.
Godzilla started out as a fierce reptilian dinosaur monster that Toho Studios unleashed on Tokyo in the first movie, Godzilla, King of the Monsters.
Any time a team changes their uniform they are walking a fine line between a fan's desire for something new and the fierce loyalty that the game inspires.
Images - Competition is fierce in the web . world and you need a website that has professional, clean, and non-distracting graphics.
Now, though, the competition for your customer's eyeballs from San Francisco to New York City and across the Atlantic or Pacific is fierce.
It is fallen man whom he pursues with his fierce scorn; his view of man's nature - intellect as well as character - is to be read in the light of his unflinching Augustinianism.
The fierce family feud only terminated when Matthew was murdered by agents of Shane in J; Conn dying about a year later.
In violation of the Law he married a brother's widow, who had already borne children, and in general he showed himself so fierce and tyrannical that the Jews joined with the Samaritans to accuse him before the emperor.
The attacks on Origen, which had begun in his lifetime, did not cease for centuries, and only subsided during the time of the fierce Arian controversy.
The Obligatory Civil Marriage Bill, the State Registries Bill and the Religion of Children of Mixed Marriages Bill, were finally adopted on the st of June , after fierce debates and a ministerial interregnum of ten days (June -); but on the th of December, Wekerle, who no longer possessed the king's confidence,' resigned a second time, and was succeeded by Baron Dersb (Desiderius) Banffy.
When Rabbula, the fierce anti-Nestorian and friend of Cyril, died in , he was succeeded in the bishopric by Ibas, who as head of the famous " Persian Book of Chastity, par.
Appointed secretary to Garibaldi, Crispi secured the resignation of Depretis, whom Garibaldi had appointed pro-dictator, and would have continued his fierce opposition to Cavour at Naples, where he had been placed by Garibaldi in the foreign office, had not the advent of the Italian regular troops and the annexation of the Two Sicilies to Italy brought about Garibaldi's withdrawal to Caprera and Crispi's own resignation.
The Saxons had become law-abiding, and the fierce Danes treated them in the same way as in former days they had treated the Britons.
Such was the terror inspired by these fierce warriors that many of the tribes, such as the Wa-Nindi of Mozambique, adopted the name of their conquerors or oppressors.
First he swept down on the Bani Hanifa in Yemama, who with their rival prophet Mosailama (Mosailima) and , men were in arms. The battle of Yemama () was fierce and decisive.
The Kharijites who had opposed 'Ali on the ground that he had no right to allow the appeal to arbitration, were defeated at Nahrawan or Nahrwan (), but those who escaped became fierce propagandists against the Koreish, some claiming that the caliph should be chosen by the Faithful from any tribe of the Arabs, some that there should be no caliph at all, that God alone was their ruler and that the government should be carried on by a council.
Before the onset of those fierce invaders the precarious suzerainty of the khakan broke up. By calling in the Uzes, the Khazars did indeed dislodge the Petchenegs from the position they had seized in the heart of the kingdom between the Volga and the Don, but only to drive them inwards to the Dnieper.
Little is known of its habits in a wild state, beyond the fact that it is a forest-dweller, active in movement and fierce in disposition.
The CornLaw Rhymes (rd ed., ), inspired by a fierce hatred of injustice, are vigorous, simple and full of vivid description.
So fierce was the antagonism that the military authorities refused to permit operations of survey in the southern suburb of Tokyo, and the road had to be laid on an embankment constructed in the sea.
During his whole reign (-) Adolphus Frederick was little more than a state decoration, the real power being lodged in the hands of an omnipotent riksdag, distracted by fierce party strife.
His marriage with the fierce witch-woman, Olympias, daughter of the Epirote king, falls in this period, and in  she bore him his greater son, Alexander.
After a fierce and stubborn struggle in which the Germans behaved with great valour, the Royalists were completely victorious, though they left  men on the field; Lincoln, Schwartz and Fitzgerald with  of their followers were killed, and Lovell and Broughton disappeared never to be heard of again.
The confusion in and around St Privat, where troops from four several corps were all intermingled, became so extreme that no further infantry-advance could be attempted; so under cover of the fierce artillery duel the remnants of the unfortunate th corps drifted away towards Metz down the many ravines leading into the river valley.
During the th and th, the attacks of the English though fierce were partial, and met with no great success.
At the Wilderness he commanded, during the second day's fighting, half of the Union army; at Spottsylvania he had charge of the fierce and successful attack on the "salient"; at Cold Harbor his corps formed the left wing in the unsuccessful assault on the Confederate lines.
Though formally enrolled on the same side during the Peloponnesian War the two cities used the truce of  to wage a fierce but indecisive war with each other.
After a fierce attack on Protestants caused by the mutilation of a statue of the Virgin, in , the king, anxious to con ciliate both the German Protestants and anti-papal England, invited some of the reformers of Meaux to preach in the Louvre.
Their aim was to reduce the fierce Red men to a state of childlike docility to priests, and they discouraged all colonization in their neighbourhood.
A fierce fight now broke out all along the line, in which J erome steadily made ground in the Bossu wood, while Picton showing a dauntless front maintained his position.
A fierce fight (called the Action of Wavre) began about  P.M., in which the Prussians were for long victorious.
The people of Nova Scotia in particular, dissatisfied with the way in which their province had been drawn into the Union, maintained a fierce opposition to the Ottawa government, until their leader, Joseph Howe, fearing an armed rising, came to an agreement with Macdonald and accepted a seat in his cabinet.
In  the theological faculty of Wittenberg formally laid to his charge  errors, and only his death on the th of February, , released him from these fierce conflicts.
That year he got as far as Allumette Island in the Ottawa, but two years later, with a "Great War Party" of Indians, he crossed Lake Nipissing and the eastern ends of Lakes Huron and Ontario, and made a fierce but unsuccessful attack on an Onondaga fortified town a few miles south of Lake Oneida.
His good fortune, however, does not forsake him; he lands in Ireland just as a fierce dragon is devastating the country, and the king has promised the hand of the princess to the slayer of the monster.
But after a few months Afzul Khan raised an insurrection in the northern province, between the Hindu Kush mountains and the Oxus, where he had been governing when his father died; and then began a fierce contest for power among the sons of Dost Mahomed, which lasted for nearly five years.
Between him and the older apostles arose a long and fierce controversy, which was healed only when at last his disciples and the Judaizing disciples of the apostles coalesced into the Catholic Church.
A Latin memoir of Tamerlane by Perondinus, printed in , entitled Magni Tamerlanis scytharum imperatoris vita, describes Timur as tall and bearded, broad-chested and broadshouldered, well-built but lame, of a fierce countenance and with receding eyes, which express cruelty and strike terror into the lookers-on.
He did so in the face of this fierce opposition, on the ground that, in Canadian domestic affairs, the Canadian parliament must be supreme.
After some years of fierce discussion in parliament and throughout the country the question was brought to an issue in , when, with a large majority of followers pledged to carry out protection, Sir John Macdonald was restored to power.
His candour, enthusiasm and open tolerance of the opinions of others made him many warm friends and many fierce enemies.
In  commenced the exportation of Japan silk, which became so fierce a competitor with Bengal silk as gradually to displace it in favour; and the native silk reeled in Bengal has almost ceased to be made, only the best European filatures, produced under the supervision of skilled Europeans, now coming forward.
It is in its essence, and it is a main condition of its success, to kindle into fierce exercise among great masses of men the destructive and combative passions - passions as fierce and as malevolent as that with which the hound hunts the fox to its death or the tiger springs upon its prey.
He took part, with much charity and mildness, in the Oxford disputes against Cranmer, Latimer and Ridley; but he had no liking for the fierce bigotry and bloody measures then in force against Protestants.
He had specially prepared himself, as he thought, for "teaching imaginative men, and political men, and legal men, and scientific men who bear the world in hand"; and he did not attempt to win their attention to abstract and worn-out theological arguments, but discussed the opinions, the poetry, the politics, the manners and customs of the time, and this not with philosophical comprehensiveness, not in terms of warm eulogy or measured blame, but of severe satire varied by fierce denunciation, and with a specific minuteness which was concerned primarily with individuals.
During his absence Arius returned to Alexandria, but even now the people are said to have raised a fierce riot against the heretic.
His son was besieged by Dahhak and his Kharijites and Saffarids in Nasibin; but a fierce battle at Mardin ended in Merwan's favour ().
One practical outcome of these researches is the method now always adopted of sterilizing by a succession of gentle warmings, sufficient to kill the developed micro-organisms, instead of by one fierce heating attempting to attack the more refractory undeveloped germs of the same.
Devoted, however, as were the labours of Boniface and his disciples, all that he and they and the emperor Charlemagne after them achieved for the fierce untutored world of the th century seemed to have been done in vain when, in the th " on the north and north-west the pagan Scandinavians were hanging about every coast, and pouring in at every inlet; when on the east the pagan Hungarians were swarming like locusts and devastating Europe from the Baltic to the Alps; when on the south and south-east the Saracens were pressing on and on with their victorious hosts.
This policy speedily led to a formidable rebellion, headed by Thankmar, the kings halfbrother, a fierce warrior, who fancied that he had a prior claim to the crown, and who secured a number of followers in Saxony.
After a fierce and obstinate fight, in which Conrad and many other nobles fell the Germans were victorious; the Magyars were even mon thoroughly scourged than in the battles in which Ottos fathe had given them their first real check.
The Berghwata made a fierce resistance, and it was in battle with them that `Abd-Allah ibn Yazin won the crown of martyrdom.
The ocelot is essentially a forest cat, and a ready climber; its disposition is said to be fierce and bloodthirsty but in confinement it becomes tame and playful.
On the Arabs he impressed himself as an enemy very fierce and astute, but as a keeper of his word.
Beautiful, charitable and pious, she mollified the fierce manners of her husband, who, according to her director and biographer, Turgot, acted as interpreter between her and the Gaelic-speaking ecclesiastics at their conferences.
The kirk was robbed afresh, benefices were given to such villainous cadets of great families as Archibald Douglas, an agent in Darnley's murder; and though, under the scholarly but fierce Andrew Melville, the kirk purified herself afresh and successfully opposed the bishops, James VI.
The Saxons and the Swiss, Luther and Zwingli, were in fierce controversy about the true doctrine of the sacrament of the Supper.
It is possible that Judah (under Uzziah and Jotham) had come to an understanding with Assyria; at all events Ahaz was at once encircled by fierce attacks, and was only saved by Tiglath-Pileser's campaign against Philistia, north Israel and Damascus.
Around their tombs their descendants settle, and thus sacred villages, often of considerable size, spring up. Almost every village, too, has its saint or prophet, and disputes as to their relative sanctity and powers cause fierce feuds.
This brought him into fierce conflict with the reigning oligarchy and with the lieutenantgovernor, Lord Falkland (-), whom he forced to resign.
In short, Abdur Rahman's reign produced an important political revolution, or reformation, in Afghanistan, which rose from the condition of a country distracted by chronic civil wars, under rulers whose authority depended upon their power to hold down or conciliate fierce and semi-independent tribes in the outlying parts of the dominion, to the rank of a formidable military state governed autocratically.
By means of the grist tax (which he had proposed in , but which the Menabrea cabinet had passed in ), and by other fiscal expedients necessitated by the almost desperate condition of the national exchequer, he succeeded, before his fall from power in , in placing Italian finance upon a sound footing, in spite of fierce attacks and persistent misrepresentation.
The revolt against his primacy took the form of a fierce war of pamphlets, and led ultimately to the dethronement of the blind bard.
On the th however, with the aid of a Montenegrin battery that was got up to very close range, the trenches were carried after fierce handto-hand fighting.
Meantime the Serbians had captured Papas Tepe, though with considerable losses, and at other parts of the front fierce local attacks were delivered.
No single act of the Mutiny elicited such a storm of fierce anger among the British, both those who were fighting in India and those who supported them at home; for none was a more terrible vengeance taken, though the Nana himself escaped from his pursuers.
The nation, however much it might murmur, would never have been willing to rebel against a sovereign whose only fault was that he occasionally pressed his prerogative too far, Edwards rule was seldom or never oppressive, the seizure of the merchants wool in  was the only one of his acts which caused really fierce and widespread indignation.
Edward was allowed to raise an army for the siege of Berwick, and was lying before its walls, when the Scots, turning his flank, made a fierce foray into Yorkshire, and routed the shire-levy under Archbishop Melton at the battle of Myton.
But Duke Richard had forgotten to reckon with the fierce and unscrupulous energy of Queen Margaret, when she was at bay in defence of her sons rights.
It would seem that the manorial grudges between landowner and peasant, which had been so fierce in the th century, had died down as the lords abandoned the old system of working their demesne by villein labor.
The tragic close of his career appeased for the moment the fierce hatred of politics, and his death was very generally deplored as a national calamity.
On their refusal to surrender the hoard, or to say where it was concealed, a fierce fight broke out, in which all the followers of Gunnar and Hogni fell.
She drew him as she'd seen him during their conversation the day before, the quietly fierce leader seated in his ship.
With boot tops, bandanna, braids and hat included, all that's needed is a sword and Jack will be small but fierce.
For example, red paint indicates steadfastness and loyalty while a character with black face paint depicts a fierce, bold nature.
Keep in mind that competition for these gigs is often quite fierce; don't be discouraged if your first applications aren't accepted.
This is one of the few sources where you can come close to getting Spanx wholesale, although of course the competition will be fierce.
They hit the London club circuit in the late s, and eventually they renamed themselves Coldplay and signed to well respected indie label Fierce Panda, with whom they released the Brothers and Sisters EP.
She followed in  with I AmSasha Fierce, the album that spawned the number one single Single Ladies (Put a Ring On It).
Nas released his debut album, Illmatic, during the golden age of rap, but even though the competition was fierce, he always stood out as a landmark artist.
Whitmore considers himself a fierce competitor, but he's also counting his personal charisma as one of his strongest survival skills.
In  he sailed from Cuba with about  men (soon reduced to less than ), landed (early in ) probably at the present site of Pensacola, and for six months remained in the country, he and his men suffering terribly from exposure, hunger and fierce Indian attacks.
Then came the stress of war in Europe, a wretched neutrality at home, fierce outbreaks of human passions, and the fair structure of government by a priori theories based on the goodness of unoppressed humanity came to the ground.
Dolet, &c. For a time her influence with her brother, to whom she was entirely devoted, and whom she visited when he was imprisoned in Spain, was effectual, but latterly political rather than religious considerations made him discourage Lutheranism, and a fierce persecution was begun against both Protestants and freethinkers, a persecution which drove Des Periers to suicide and brought Dolet to the stake.
Their kingdom, too, was divided and weakened by the fierce hostility between the orthodox Christians and those who professed Arianism.
In  he succeeded in postponing the total abolition of the grist tax, and was throughout a fierce opponent of Magliani's loose financial administration.
The Cabetes, who possessed the soil, were fierce and pertinacious; and, assisted by the French, who traded to that coast, Coelho had to gain by inches what was granted him by leagues.
The spread of the Amalrican doctrine led to fierce persecutions, and the provincial council which met at Paris in  expressly decreed " that neither the books of Aristotle on natural philosophy, nor commentaries on the same, should be read, whether publicly or privately, at Paris."
Meanwhile the whole Nationalist press of Italy, actively, encouraged by Sonnino and his entourage, opened a fierce campaign against the Yugosla y s and their western supporters, which rapidly developed into agitation against the Allies.
This triumph was only obtained, however, after a fierce struggle of ten years, in which the Danes were much hampered by the uncertain and selfish co-operation of their German allies, chief among whom was Henry the Lion, duke of Saxony and Bavaria, who appropriated the lion's share of the spoil.
About the same time, the force in front of De la Rey and Kemp in the west being depleted to find the troops for larger operations, the Boers made a fierce surprise attack on Colonel Kekewich's column at Moedville, in which Kekewich was wounded and his troops hard pressed for a time.
Dresden, Aussig and Leitmeritz are all reminiscent of the fierce battles of the Hussite wars, and the last named of the Thirty Years' War.
Fierce opposition ensued, and the pari passu compromise was adopted to which reference is made in the section on Education above; Mr Savona was an able organizer, and began the real emancipation of the Maltese masses from educational ignorance; but he succumbed to agitation before accomplishing substantial results.
On the night of the rd-th, just as the assault was being renewed, Stessel delivered a fierce counter-attack against the lost positions, and the result of an all-night battle was that though the forts were not recaptured, the assault was repulsed with over  casualties, and the Japanese in Pan-Lung were isolated.
Meanwhile Prussian troops had arrived to aid the government, and after two days' fierce street fighting the rising was quelled.
When about  Queen Jane was married to Sir James Stewart, the knight of Lorne, Livingstone obtained the custody of the young king, whose minority was marked by fierce hostility between the Douglases and the Crichtons, with Livingstone first on one side and then on the other.
The rival armies met at Sievershausen on the th of July , where after a fierce encounter Albert was defeated.
A second Tatar raid in , less dangerous, perhaps, but certainly more ruinous, than the first invasion - for the principalities of Little Poland and Sandomir were systematically ravaged for three months - still further but Poland formed but a small portion of his vast domains, and Poland's interests were subordinated to the larger demands of an imperial policy which embraced half Europe within its orbit On the death of Louis there ensued an interregnum of two years marked by fierce civil wars, instigated by duke Ziemovit of Masovia, the northernmost province of Poland, the daughter of Louis the Great and the granddaughter of Wladislaus Lokietek, had an equal right, by inheritance, to the thrones of Hungary and Poland.
It was not merely for conquest and tribute that the fierce Mexicans ravaged the neighbourlands, but they had a stronger motive than either in the desire to obtain multitudes of prisoners whose hearts were to be torn out by the sacrificing priests to propitiate a pantheon of gods who well personified their bloodthirsty worshippers.
The modern Istria occupies the same position as the ancient Istria or Histria, known to the Romans as the abode of a fierce tribe of Illyrian pirates.
The drongo is a fierce and powerful bird which will not tolerate a strange bird of the size of a cuckoo near its nest, yet on account of its resemblance to the drongo, the hen cuckoo is enabled, it has been claimed, to lay her egg in the nest of the drongo, which mistakes the cuckoo for one of its own kind.
This position he was not long to hold; and the fierce exultation of Mary at the news of his murder gave to those who believed in her complicity with the murderer, on whom a pension was bestowed by her unblushing gratitude, fresh reason to fear, if her liberty of correspondence and intrigue were not restrained, the likelihood of a similar fate for Elizabeth.
A curious combination of the fierce warrior and the pious churchman, he manifested the one aspect of his character in his ruthless suppression of an insurrection in his northern dominion (thus gaining for himself the title of "the Fierce"), the other in his munificent foundation of bishoprics and abbeys.
The widespread discontent which the confiscations caused provoked the insurrection generally known as the bellum perusinurn from its only important incident, the fierce and fatal resistance of Perugia, which deprived the poet, of another of his relations, who was killed by brigands while making his escape from the lines of Octavian.
Tattoos of tigers are often seen on people who want to show their fierce spirit, or occasionally by those who call India home, as the tiger is the national animal of India.
The flames can be representational of the fierce power of God with the smoke as a means to transport prayers to Heaven.
Competition is fierce with thousands of people vying for the same spots, but you can increase your chances of making it through the casting call when you know a little more about the process.
The period from the election of the first doge to the appearance of the Franks was characterized by fierce struggles between Heraclea and Jesolo.
The atmosphere is also purified by the fierce tenporales, or "northers," which occasionally sweep down over the Gulf and across this open region.
She wanted to go home, though a part of her had told her upon meeting this fierce warrior her that she'd never go home again.
There was a man behind the fierce face, and she'd only confused herself more by spending the night with him!
Whilst the heavier troops moved down the Kabul valley to Pencelaotis (Charsadda) under Perdiccas and Hephaestion, Alexander with a body of lighter-armed troops and cavalry pushed up the valleys which join the Kabul from the north - through the regions now known as Bajour, Swat and Buner, inhabited by Indian hill peoples, as fierce then against the western intruder as their Pathan successors are against the British columns.
In July  another British force of eight thousand men under General Whitelock endeavoured to regain possession of Buenos Aires, but strenuous preparations had been made for resistance, and after fierce street fighting the invading army, after suffering severe losses, was compelled to capitulate.
It is pathetic and yet inspiring to study the development of Presbyterianism in France; pathetic because it was in a time of fierce persecution that the French Protestants organized themselves into churches, and inspiring, because it showed the power which scriptural organization gave them to withstand incessant, unrelenting hostility.
The European ferment of ideas which preceded the French Revolution expressed itself in men like Alfieri, the fierce denouncer of tyrants, Beccaria, the philosopher of criminal jurisprudence, Volta, the physicist, and numerous political economists of Tuscany.
Firdousi accepted the challenge, and the three poets having previously agreed upon three rhyming words to which a fourth could not be found in the Persian language, 'Ansari began "Thy beauty eclipses the light of the sun"; Farrakhi added "The rose with thy cheek would comparison shun"; 'Asjadi continued "Thy glances pierce through the mailed warrior's johsun";  and Firdousi, without a moment's hesitation, completed the quatrain "Like the lance of fierce Giv in his fight with Poshun."
As far as the other colonies were concerned, it was evident that the bill was safe, and public attention throughout Australia was fixed on New South Wales, where a fierce political contest was raging, which it was recognized would decide the fate of the measure for the time being.
