
That's all right! said he; and looking angrily at the unconscious little princess, he shook his head reprovingly and slammed the door.
She screamed desperately and angrily and tried with her little hands to pull Pierre's hands away and to bite them with her slobbering mouth.
Planning beforehand what he would say to Kutuzov, Rostopchin turned angrily in his caleche and gazed sternly from side to side.
Pensioners say council tax particularly hits them Pensioners groups have angrily denounced Gordon Brown for failing to repeat last year's council tax rebate.
A lengthy term of office seemed to be opening out before him when, on the st of January , Crispi, speaking in a debate upon an unimportant bill, angrily rebuked the Right for its noisy interruptions.
The cheerleaders themselves seem to be rather stereotypical as well, and use rather silly terms to talk to each other - such as one squad member angrily referring the captain as a "cheer-tator!"
The barons of England angrily refused to submit to the papal interference, but nothing decisive was attempted by Edward, though Bruce had again entered his service.
Only when a man was killed or wounded did he frown and turn away from the sight, shouting angrily at the men who, as is always the case, hesitated about lifting the injured or dead.
When with due circumspection Napoleon was informed that Moscow was empty, he looked angrily at his informant, turned away, and silently continued to walk to and fro.
Balak angrily taunted Balaam with having lost the honours intended for him, and bade him flee to his own place.
He was here; they admitted him in spite of my request that they should let no one in, he went on, glancing angrily at his daughter.
Old Karay had turned his head and was angrily searching for fleas, baring his yellow teeth and snapping at his hind legs.
When she had left the room the prince again began speaking about his son, about the war, and about the Emperor, angrily twitching his brows and raising his hoarse voice, and then he had a second and final stroke.
After reading a few lines, he glanced angrily at Berg, then, meeting his eyes, hid his face behind the letter.
But he scowled at her angrily though also with suffering in his eyes, and stooped glass in hand over the infant.
