
It is true that a teacher with ten times Miss Sullivan's genius could not have made a pupil so remarkable as Helen Keller out of a child born dull and mentally deficient.
Taken altogether, it was a dreadfully long name to weigh down a poor innocent child, and one of the hardest lessons I ever learned was to remember my own name.
This goal is within our grasp—and with the vaccine presently priced at about thirty cents a child, shame on us for not ending polio once and for all.
After too much heated discussion, I agreed to give a less than specific tip saying I didn't believe the child was abducted.
His success convinced him that language can be conveyed through type to the mind of the blind-deaf child, who, before education, is in the state of the baby who has not learned to prattle; indeed, is in a much worse state, for the brain has grown in years without natural nourishment.
True, single words do suggest and express ideas; the child may say simply "mamma" when he means "Where is mamma?" but he learns the expression of the ideas that relate to mamma--he learns language--by hearing complete sentences.
Books are the storehouse of language, and any child, whether deaf or not, if he has his attention attracted in any way to printed pages, must learn.
I realize that it hurts to see their afflicted little child punished and made to do things against her will.
When I was a very little child I used to sit in my mother's lap all the time, because I was very timid, and did not like to be left by myself.
Somehow I had expected to see a pale, delicate child--I suppose I got the idea from Dr. Howe's description of Laura Bridgman when she came to the Institution.
I told her that in my opinion the child ought to be separated from the family for a few weeks at least--that she must learn to depend on and obey me before I could make any headway.
I know that the education of this child will be the distinguishing event of my life, if I have the brains and perseverance to accomplish it.
When Martha was in a session with Howie, Betsy took over, coveting the child as if she were her own.
I thought of the big fire in the queen's kitchen, and knew that the cook would never allow a half-drowned child to be carried into that fine place.
I shall never forget the ripple of alternating joy and woe that ran through that beautiful little play, or the wonderful child who acted it.
Love your Heavenly Father with your whole heart and soul, love every child of God as much as ever you can, and remember that the possibilities of good are greater than the possibilities of evil; and you have the key to Heaven.
As we approached the house I saw a child standing in the doorway, and Captain Keller said, There she is.
She ran her fingers along the lines, finding the words she knew and guessing at the meaning of others, in a way that would convince the most conservative of educators that a little deaf child, if given the opportunity, will learn to read as easily and naturally as ordinary children.
In the Luritcha tribe it was customary when a child was in weak health to kill a younger and healthy one and feed the weakling on its flesh.
Such incidents were the Damascus charge of ritual murder (), the forcible baptism of the Italian child Mortara (), and the Russian pogroms at various dates.
They did so, and as the flames lighted up the room, they saw their father enter with a child in his arms.
It seems as if a child who could see and hear until her nineteenth month must retain some of her first impressions, though ever so faintly.
All day long in their play-time and work-time Miss Sullivan kept spelling into her pupil's hand, and by that Helen Keller absorbed words, just as the child in the cradle absorbs words by hearing thousands of them before he uses one and by associating the words with the occasion of their utterance.
We will not open to churchmen a door for a new mastership over government and subjects, wife and child."From  a modified Presbyterian polity predominated.
Primary Inslruction.All primary public instruction is free and compulsory for children of both sexes between the ages of six and thirteen, but if a child can gain a certificate of primary studies at the age of eleven or after, he may be excused the rest of the period demanded by law.
If educated at home, the child (after two years of the compulsory period has expired) must undergo a yearly examination, and if it is unsatisfactory the parents will be compelled to send him to a public or private school.
On the th of June  she was present at the birth of the prince of Wales and gave evidence before the council in favour of the genuineness of the child.
At his advanced age he went with his youngest child to Panama to see with his own eyes the field of his new enterprise.
The child was at first handed over to the care of the Hours, or the nymph Melissa and the centaur Cheiron.
St Francis, the first child of this union, was born in August  when his mother was in her fifteenth year.
The debtor being seized for debt could nominate as mancipium or hostage to work off the debt, his wife, a child, or slave.
A man might make his wife a settlement by deed of gift, which gave her a life interest in part of his property, and he might reserve to her the right to bequeath it to a favourite child, but she could in no case leave it to her family.
If she did not remarry, she lived on in her husband's house and took a child's share on the division of his estate, when the children had grown up. She still retained her dowry and any settlement deeded to her by her husband.
They even, in some cases, found the estate for the adopted child who was to relieve them of a care.
A man who adopted a son, and afterwards married and had a family of his own, could dissolve the contract but must give the adopted child one-third of a child's share in goods, but no real estate.
Adoption had to be with consent of the real parents, who usually executed a deed making over the child, who thus ceased to have any claim upon them.
If the adopted child discovered his true parents and wanted to return to them, his eye or tongue was torn out.
A sort of symbolic retaliation was the punishment of the offending member, seen in the cutting off the hand that struck a father or stole a trust; in cutting off the breast of a wet-nurse who substituted a changeling for the child entrusted to her; in the loss of the tongue that denied father or mother (in the Elamite contracts the same penalty was inflicted for perjury); in the loss of the eye that pried into forbidden secrets.
The children are possessed of a bright intelligence, which, however, soon reaches its climax, and the adult may be compared in this respect with the civilized child of ten or twelve.
The noble qualities of the child attracted the attention of Hadrian, who, playing upon the name "Verus," said that it should be changed to "Verissimus" (Bhpiccimoc on medals).
In  had happened the case of El Santo nino de la Guardia - a child supposed to have been killed by the Jews.
The last of the dukes of Norfolk had left a child heir, Anne Mowbray, married to the infant duke of York, the younger of the princes doomed by Richard in the Tower.
This royal bride died of consumption, leaving no living child, and her husband took in , as his second wife, Elizabeth Stafford, daughter of that duke of Buckingham upon whom the old duke of Norfolk, the tears upon his cheeks, was forced to pass sentence of death.
Of his earlier life it was said that he was born in Egypt of Levite parents, and when the Pharaoh commanded that every new-born male child of the Hebrews should be killed, he was put into a chest and cast upon the Nile.
Every year since her marriage Anne had given birth to a child, and Henry had no reason to despair of more; while, if Henry's state of health was such as was reported, the desire for children, which Anne shared with him, may be urged as an argument for her guilt.
After the birth of his first child, Augusta, in , Frederick was ordered by the king to quit St James' Palace, and the foreign ambassadors were requested to refrain from visiting him.
As early as , Sir Josiah Child, the millionaire governor of the East India company, pleaded for their naturalization on the score of their commercial utility.
From then till her death in , her son, born in , and asserted by Cleopatra to be the child of Julius Caesar, was associated officially with her as Ptolemy XiV.
An institute for the deaf and dumb and blind was opened at Raleigh in , and another for the deaf and dumb at Morganton in ; by a law of  every deaf child.
The tales told by the royalist writers of the barbarous cruelty inflicted by Simon and his wife on the child are not proven.
Marie Jeanne, in fact, took great care of the child's person, and there is documentary evidence to prove that he had air and food.
But the Simons were obviously grotesquely unfit guardians for a prince, and they doubtless caused much suffering to the impressionable child, who was made on occasion to eat and drink to excess, and learnt the language of the gutter.
The story runs that food was passed through the bars to the child, who survived in spite of the accumulated filth of his surroundings.
As she peered through the soft gray light not a house of any sort was visible near the station, nor was any person in sight; but after a while the child discovered a horse and buggy standing near a group of trees a short distance away.
Child as I was, I at once felt the tenderness and sympathy which endeared Dr. Bell to so many hearts, as his wonderful achievements enlist their admiration.
From the beginning of my education Miss Sullivan made it a practice to speak to me as she would speak to any hearing child; the only difference was that she spelled the sentences into my hand instead of speaking them.
When I learned that there was a gift for each child, I was delighted, and the kind people who had prepared the tree permitted me to hand the presents to the children.
Up to the time of the "Frost King" episode, I had lived the unconscious life of a little child; now my thoughts were turned inward, and I beheld things invisible.
As a child I loved to sit on his knee and clasp his great hand with one of mine, while Miss Sullivan spelled into the other his beautiful words about God and the spiritual world.
It is very beautiful to think that people far away in England feel sorry for a little helpless child in America.
Then I knew that you had not forgotten the dear little child, for the gift brought with it the thought of tender sympathy.
I also saw poor Niobe with her youngest child clinging close to her while she implored the cruel goddess not to kill her last darling.
A gentleman in Philadelphia has just written to my teacher about a deaf and blind child in Paris, whose parents are Poles.
Not all the attention that has been paid her since she was a child has made her take herself too seriously.
Why, one might just as well say that a two-year-old child converses fluently when he says 'apple give,' or 'baby walk go.'
If she could see and hear, I suppose she would get rid of her superfluous energy in ways which would not, perhaps, tax her brain so much, although I suspect that the ordinary child takes his play pretty seriously.
Helen resisted, and Viney tried to force it out of her hand, and I suspect that she slapped the child, or did something which caused this unusual outburst of temper.
It was not difficult, however, to make her understand that there was a present for each child, and to her great delight she was permitted to hand the gifts to the children.
I observed that the vitals of the village were the grocery, the bar-room, the post-office, and the bank; and, as a necessary part of the machinery, they kept a bell, a big gun, and a fire-engine, at convenient places; and the houses were so arranged as to make the most of mankind, in lanes and fronting one another, so that every traveller had to run the gauntlet, and every man, woman, and child might get a lick at him.
He was respectful of her concerns, but they didn't see eye-to-eye on any of it - except the fact that they both wanted another child.
The kidnapper was the child's mother, a drug addict, who no longer had custody and tried to spirit her daughter away.
You can look away when it actually happens but we have to get this guy before he kills another child.
It looks like he killed the parents in broad daylight, in the front yard, maybe in front of the child.
My careful cross-referencing noted the same name listed as a wealthy grandfather of a kidnapped child who was returned after a strange tip was received.
I was anxious to hear about the meeting between the two women but I didn't want to ask in front of the child.
It's like we try to do good and theses unintended side effects occur; the deputy sheriff in Alabama, that Youngblood jerk in California, plus the parents murdered just so the discovery of their child's abduction would be delayed.
Then Ronnie got up and said how he and mom loved each other and how she still loved her daughter Annie and it sounded like my sister was her only child.
Yes. He said he was sorry but he and Martha said they had to call it quits and he was going back to be with his wife and child.
If I can't today have this child so abruptly placed in police care, I shall drive down the road and find another.
Once aboard my flight I spent the next several hours squeezed between a talkative sailor and a woman with a fussy child.
After a solid hour of the child crying, I wondered if the mother read about the abandoned child, perhaps with a fleeting hint of sympathy.
No one else would be capable of executing the dramatic capture of my nemesis and the lovely child as well.
My specially soaked rag was secure in a plastic bag so I withdrew it and had it over the child's face before she turned to see who entered.
It was the one her friend had called Betsy and when she saw the child on the floor, stifled a scream.
I lifted the sleeping child to my arms, and holding a concealed knife against her body, told the frightened woman to follow me, in silence.
While his teenage action was untrustworthy, it was venial compared to abandoning the child to an abductor if that was what the cowering, younger Howie had done!
He hadn't heard anyone speak so frankly to him since he was a child, and never on a topic so sensitive.
His heart rejoiced at the thought of his own mate carrying his child, but he couldn't help but to think of his own upbringing.
Her features had gone from drawn and pale to glowing, the result of his return from Europe after an extended absence and the child growing in her womb.
When a child does something bad, we talk about it—try to find out why—make sure we all learn from our mistakes.
Cynthia eventually bowed to Martha's sobs and crept into her room, spending most of the dark hours holding the grieving child.
Martha eventually slipped into a troubled sleep when Cynthia, with Dean by his side, again convinced the child they believed her, and promised to see the young girl's discovery reach daylight.
On her way down the hall, she paused at Martha's room and peeked in, as if hoping some memory of the child remained.
Nowadays, you'd be scared someone would kidnap a child but in the old days, no one ever thought of that stuff.
Once again he reached behind his seat, this time pulling out a child's red polka-dot umbrella, no doubt another garage sale bargain.
She may be a first class bitch—but if there isn't a legal custody fight or the child isn't reported in danger or grossly neglected, it's none of our business.
But he wasn't even in Ouray between the early 's, when he was a child visiting summers, and , when he started coming back after his brother died.
The answers fell into place, one after another like a child's wooden puzzle, and even absent the last lingering block, the finished the picture was finally clear.
When the child he told about the bones didn't come forward and report what he saw, Billy still felt wrong about the skeleton remaining undiscovered.
Jonathan was no more blood relation to them than Destiny, but neither child could have been loved more deeply nor considered more a family member.
Sometimes it takes more courage to give a child up than it does to keep it when you don't want it.
She wiped the tears from her cheeks with a shirtsleeve, feeling like a child caught with her hand in the cookie jar.
Kris said nothing, feeling at once foolish and like he was the child Andre used to chastise for failing to focus on his duties.
We learned that those outside of this circle are less likely to be concerned about the appearance of the child.
The jaguar launched itself at the child, and Toby.s scream shattered the quiet morning as its jaw clamped on his arm.
She stood out of his way, barely able to care for a child and at a loss as to what to do with a boy on the verge of becoming a teenager.
A'Ran pushed himself away from the table he leaned against and paced, thoughts turning to Gage, who would bear Ne'Rin's child.
Their pace out of the dwelling and toward the hills was brutal, too fast for her to keep up, and Leyon ended up swinging her into his arms like a child to keep the fast pace into the rocky hills.
I'd hate to think a child his age would try to kill someone, whatever the reason, but I have to admit it's a possibility.
While he hated even speculating about a child murderer, it was the first time Shipton's attempted killing began to make any sense.
When they entered Bird Song Fred was still in place on the sofa, but as soon as he saw them he jumped up and embraced Cynthia like the returning prodigal child.
Apparently mom, before assigned to hard time in Cañon City, had dragged the poor child over most of Colorado and the West.
After an uncomfortable moment, Jackson asked, "If Elisabeth was to have a child with someone the pack chose, would they allow us to raise it?"
Your mother thinks the pack would accept us if you agreed to have a child, and we could raise it.
The real Gabriel had been the one to tell her that the child she carried was a girl.   "I guess we have to wait and see," she forced herself to say and added silently, I hope you're safe, Gabriel, wherever you are.
Pain streaked through her, the kind of pain with no physical source.  Katie began to cry, unable to see an end to her ordeal that would mean she – or her baby – lived.  She hugged her stomach and sobbed for the loss of Rhyn, her own life, their child's.
It was for Katie and someone else, someone you killed.  I didn't know about your child.  I didn't know Katie would end up your mate.
He held her close for a while, caressing her hair and back ... crooning to her as if she were a child.
I would have thought Alex was bright enough to realize that having the ability to father a child isn't what defines a man.
Carmen said she was afraid of adopting because the mother could take the child back after they learned to love it.
She was hung up on the biological issue – insisting that if they were patient, God would work miracles and they would have a child, as her parents had.
The logical side of her mind had accepted the fact that he couldn't give her a child, but the emotional side still rebelled.
And then, there was the magic room upstairs, where she had spent many hours playing as a child — and many hours dreaming as a teen.
Did he want a child this much, or was he afraid of what people would think if he walked out on her when she was pregnant?
They would have to be approved, and nobody was going to release a child to someone as messed up as she was right now.
The longer he knew Carmen, the more certain he was that Josh wanted her to have everything — even his child.
If he hadn't saved that nobleman's child years ago, you'd have been sold on the auction block, her mother said.
He didn't know if she still yearned for her husband during a time when marriages among servants were arranged, but there was nothing that could soothe the ache a mother felt at losing her child.
My husband and father forbid it, locked me away until I had Talia, and believed a child would tame that part of me they couldn't.
However, if they didn't hurry, Sofi would come back with a child before twenty-four hours passed in the mortal world..
Without touching her, Bianca could still feel Sofi's body preparing to expel the child within, whether or not she went to a hospital.
Once again, he was the Sirian she remembered, the man she worshipped as a child as he belted orders to the army.
She had been familiar with most herbs and their uses since she was a child, due to her father's business, but she had never actually seen the herbs growing.
Most people saved that look for his mother while casting uncertain or suspicious looks at the masked child who followed her dutifully through the city.
Born to a wealthy merchant family, she'd been disowned when it became known what kind of deformed child she bore.
The ten-year-old child she adopted and turned into a killer started as a weapon with no more attachment to her than a sword or dagger.
In order to prevent youthful unchastity, marriages are contracted between children of eight years old, the girl being brought home to live with the lad at his parents' home till a child is born, when a separate dwelling is provided for the youthful couple.
She was jealous as a lover of the child's affection, and the struggle between the mother and grandmother was one of the bitterest of Aurore's childish troubles.
No female or male under twelve may be employed in mines, and no child under twelve may be employed in a factory, and when school is in session none under fourteen.
Her father's palace was pillaged by the Turks, and as a child of four years old she was sold to the comte de Ferriol, the French ambassador at Constantinople.
As a child she had already believed herself to have visions; these now became more frequent, and her records of these "revelations," which were tanslated into Latin by Matthias, canon of Linkoping, and by her confessor, Peter, prior of Alvastra, obtained a great vogue during the middle ages.
She had been made a daughter of the republic at the time of her marriage to the king of Cyprus; and on the death of her child the republic first acted as guardian for its daughter, and then, in , obtained from her the cession of the island.
It was during the first Fronde that she lived at the Hotel de Ville and took the city of Paris as god-mother for the child born to her there.
It is not compulsory, nor is it entirely gratuitous, but the fees are small and the state offers a great many scholarships, by means of which a clever child can pay for its own instruction.
If he did not, on his death the brothers were bound to do so, giving her a full child's share if a wife, a concubine or a vestal, but one-third of a child's share if she were a hierodule or a Marduk priestess.
On the st of June he crowned Anne as queen, and on the th of September stood godfather to her child, the future Queen Elizabeth.
But Edward's title had been expressly sanctioned by act of parliament, so that there was no more room for election in his case than in that of George I., and the real motive of the changes was to shorten the weary ceremony for the frail child.
On the th of November , she was interrogated by the police, who frightened her into silence about the supposed substitution of another child for the dauphin.
Mildred has grown much taller and stronger than she was when I went to Boston, and she is the sweetest and dearest little child in the world.
Barras's account of the visit describes the child as suffering from extreme neglect, but conveys no idea of the alleged walling in.
The weak parts of this story are the sudden and unexplained departure of the Simons; the subsequent useless cruelty of treating the child like a wild beast and keeping him in a dark room practically out of sight (unless any doubt of his identity was possible), while his sister was in comparative comfort; the cause of death, declared to be of long standing, but in fact developed with such rapidity; the insufficient excuse provided for the child's muteness under Gomin's regime (he had answered Barras) and the irregularities in the formalities in attending the death and the funeral, when a simple identification of the body by Marie Therese would have prevented any question of resuscitated dauphins.
Laurent, to protect himself from the consequences of the substitution, replaced the wooden figure by a deaf mute, who was presently exchanged for the scrofulous child of the death certificate.
It was not the dead child, but the dauphin who left the prison in the coffin, whence he was extracted by his friends on the way to the cemetery.
Bathsheba's influence added a new element of danger to the usual jealousies of the harem, and two of David's sons perished in vain attempts to claim the throne, which she appears to have viewed as the rightful inheritance of her own child.
King and queen fly, carrying the child with them, and while the wife is tending her husband, who dies of a broken heart on his flight, the infant is carried off by a friendly water-fairy, the Lady of the Lake, who brings the boy up in her mysterious kingdom.
Daniel was a frail but clever child, and his family made great sacrifices to give him and his elder brother Ezekiel a good education.
His widow, however, bore a posthumous child, also named Germanus, of whom Jordanes speaks (cap. ) as "blending the blood of the Anicii and the Amals, and furnishing a hope under the divine blessing of one day uniting their glories."
This younger Germanus did nothing in after life to realize these anticipations; but the somewhat pointed way in which his name and his mother's name are mentioned by Jordanes lends some probability to the view that he hoped for the child's succession to the Eastern Empire, and the final reconciliation of the Goths and Romans in the person of a Gotho-Roman emperor.
The German system of compulsory education of every child above the age of six was introduced directly after the annexation.
In , when Arnulf died, Hatto became regent of Germany, and guardian of the young king, Louis the Child, whose authority he compelled Zwentibold, king of Lorraine, an illegitimate son of Arnulf, to recognize.
After all, it is only a question of probabilities, and the difficulties of fitting a wife and child into the story seem to be very great, whether we conceive them left behind by Demetrius in Italy, or sent out of the country before him.
This was done; but on the death of the eldest (Joseph) the child first baptized Nabulion received the name Joseph; while the third son (the second surviving son) was called Napoleon.
His real concern for her was evinced shortly before the birth of their son, the king of Rome,when he gave orders that if the life of both mother and child could not be saved, that of the mother should be saved if possible (loth of March ).
In South Africa and India, on the other hand, the magician digs up a dead body, especially of a child, to secure a familiar.
Mannhardt collected a mass of information proving that the life of the corn is supposed to exist apart from the corn itself and to take the form, sometimes of an animal, sometimes of a man or woman, sometimes of a child.
An old man, however, crept out of a hut with a child, whom he presented to Bussy as the son of the dead chief.
The child, Chinna Ranga Rao, was invested by Bussy with his father's estate, but during his minority it was seized by his uncle.
The maiden ate the fruit, and in due course a child was born to her, whom she named Aisin Gioro, or the Golden.
They became regents to their young children; and the experience of all medieval minorities reiterates the lesson - woe to the land where the king is a child and the regent a woman.
In Germany a child from Cologne, named Nicolas, gathered some , young crusaders by the like promises, and led them into Italy.
Some of its enactments are purely pagan - thus one paragraph allows the mother to kill her new-born child, and another prescribes the immolation to the gods of the defiler of their temple; others are purely Christian, such as those which prohibit incestuous marriages and working on Sunday.
The regard of Napoleon for his consort was evidenced shortly before the birth of this prince, when he bade the physicians, if the lives of the mother and of the child could not both be saved, to spare her life.
The best collections of Robin Hood poems are those of Ritson (vo, ) and Gutch (nd ed., ), and of Professor Child in the th volume of his invaluable English and Scotch Popular Ballads (Boston, ).
Judith made unceasing efforts to secure a kingdom for her child; and with the support of her eldest step-son Lothair, a district was carved Out for Charles in .
But since he states that he was so young a child in  that he could not recollect the details of events in that year, and since he was " colier" at Louvain in , his birth may probably be placed nearer  than .
This ethical teaching, which is indefinitely higher and purer than that of the Old Testament, is yet its true spiritual child, and helps to bridge the chasm that divides the ethics of the Old and New Testaments.
The child of a slave girl by her master is born free, and the mother is usually raised to be a free wife.
The spoilt child of London society was not at home in India, and he was glad to return to England, where he arrived in .
The picture of the Blessed Virgin and Child, which De Rossi ascribed to the nd, if not to the st century, has received an unexpected proof of its antiquity.
He was a precocious child, but, as Graetz points out, his lack of stable character prevented his gifts from maturing.
She was, however, a child of unusual intellectual power, and she began very early to write though not to publish.
In  he published, after long indecision, his volume of poems, A Child's Garden of Verses, an inferior story, The Body Snatcher, and that admirable romance, Prince Otto, in which the peculiar quality of Stevenson's style was displayed at its highest.
The god of Atha was a form of Horus (Apollo) as the sun-god; his most characteristic representation is as the disk of the sun with outspread wings, so often seen over the doors of shrines, at the top of stelae, &c. In the temple, where he is often figured as a falconheaded man, he is associated with Hathor of Dendera and the child Harsemteus.
Even as a child her parts were good, if not brilliant, but unfortunately her education was both imperfect and desultory.
Thamin maintains that, if his heroes did not form great characters, at any rate they taught the Roman child to train its conscience.
A grand social reform was effected in the law passed in September , which enacted that from that date every child born of slave parents should be free, and also declared all the slaves belonging to the state or to the imperial household free from that time.
In the interior there are a "Madonna and Child" of Fra Bartolommeo and a number of other paintings and works of art.
He died when his son Richard was a child, and the care of the family devolved upon the mother, who was a woman of'strong sense and of great energy of character, and who, after her husband's death, left Dunford and returned to Midhurst.
Albert left behind him two infant daughters only, but his consort was big with child, and, in the event of that child proving to be an heir male, his father's will bequeathed to him the kingdoms of Hungary and Bohemia, under the regency of his mother.
At one time the Turkish script was altered, with the result that officers were unable to read their reports or orders; then the Enverie, a highly unpractical head-covering, reminiscent of a child's paper hat, was invented and introduced; in March  he demanded and obtained the hand of Princess Nadjie, the Sultan's niece, made himself general of a division, and began, moreover, to take thought for his financial future.
William Murray, a native of the place, was made earl of Dysart in , and his eldest child and heir, a daughter, Elizabeth, obtained in  a regrant of the title, which passed to the descendants of her first marriage with Sir Lionel Tollemache, Bart., of Helmingham; she married secondly the st duke of Lauderdale, but had no children by him, and died in .
Debendra Nath Tagore sought refuge from the difficulty by becoming an ascetic. The "Brahma Samaj of India," as Chunder Sen's party styled itself, made considerable progress extensively and intensively until , when a number of the most prominent adherents, led by Anand Mohan Bose, took umbrage at Chunder Sen's despotic rule and at his disregard of the society's regulations concerning child marriage.
The family appear to have always belonged to the yeoman-tradesman class; their special home was the town of Saint-Loup. Voltaire was the fifth child of his parents - twin boys (of whom one survived), a girl, Marguerite Catherine, and another boy who died young, having preceded him.
The abbe de Chateauneuf instructed him early in belleslettres and deism, and he showed when a child the unsurpassed faculty for facile verse-making which always distinguished him.
Within Voltaire there was always a mischievous and ill-behaved child; and he was never more mischievous, more ill-behaved and more childish than in these years.
The eighth guru was the second son of Har Rai, but he died when a child and too young to leave any mark on in his favour and also in favour of the next guru for having altered a line of the Granth to please the emperor Aurangzeb.
One of these officials in the Tanganyika region was in April  sentenced to ten years' imprisonment for summarily executing  native prisoners, including  women and a child.
His chief work is a philosophical romance, in which he describes the awakening and growth of intellect in a child removed from the influences of ordinary life.
But though Christianity was in spirit the descendant of ancient Jewish prophecy, it was no less truly the child of that Judaism which had expressed its highest aspirations and ideals in pseudepigraphic and apocalyptic literature.
One and a half mile from Altdorf by the Klausen road is the village of Burglen, where by tradition Tell was born; while he is also said to have lost his life, while saving that of a child, in the Schachen torrent that flows past the village.
At Thebes there was a statue of Fortune holding the child Plutus in her arms; at Athens he was similarly represented in the arms of Peace; at Thespiae he was represented standing beside Athena the Worker.
A highly sensitive and imaginative child, she very early began to practise asceticism and see visions, and at the age of seven solemnly dedicated her virginity to Christ.
He had married a wealthy Spanish lady named Therasia; this happy union was clouded by the death in infancy of their only child - a bereavement which, combined with the many disasters by which the empire was being visited, did much to foster in them that world-weariness to which they afterwards gave such emphatic expression.
Spent with weakness and fatigue he asked leave to rest his head on his companion's lap, and quickly fell into a quiet sleep. As Niccolini tells us, the martyr's face became serene and smiling as a child's.
On the death of his father-in-law in , John endeavoured to enforce the claims of his wife, Ferdinand's only child, to the crown of Portugal.
Thus Norman-French spelt its palatalized c-sound (= tsh) with ch as in cher and the English palatalized cild, &c. became child, &c. In Provençal from the th century, and in the northern dialects of France from the th century, this palatalized c (in different districts is and tsh) became a simple s.
When Adelaide bore a son, and a report gained currency that Otto intended to make this child his heir, Ludolf rose in revolt and was joined by Conrad of Lorraine and Frederick of Mainz.
Therefore a mother, passing from the chamber which has just witnessed her paroxysms of grief, will describe calmly to a strangerespecially a foreignerthe death of her only child.
His father died when he was a child, and he was brought up by his mother, a woman of considerable activity.
Sometimes the supposed magician or medicine man himself did the scrying; occasionally he enabled his client to see for himself; often a child was selected as the scryer.
Or, it has been said that an adult immigrant represents what it would cost to bring up a child from infancy to the age, say, of .
