
In spite of the lapse of years, they seem so close to me that I should not think it strange if at any moment they should clasp my hand and speak words of endearment as they used to before they went away.
She reads the lips well, and if she cannot understand a phrase, her friends write it in her hand, and in this way she converses with strangers.
If I refuse to talk to her, she spells into her own hand, and apparently carries on the liveliest conversation with herself.
I have my horizon bounded by woods all to myself; a distant view of the railroad where it touches the pond on the one hand, and of the fence which skirts the woodland road on the other.
Dessalles wrote this letter to the Governor for Princess Mary, she signed it, and it was given to Alpatych with instructions to hand it to the Governor and to come back as quickly as possible if there was danger.
On the other hand, if he wanted to harm her, he might snatch the stick from her and use it as a weapon against her.
Most of the boys she dated would never have thought of practicing the age-old custom of walking around the car to open her door, or guiding her through the crowd with a gentle hand on one elbow.
He turned to one of the men standing around the stage office and indicated Darcie with a wave of his hand.
Like the way his broad shoulders swayed so gracefully with each step as he strode to the corral - or the way he lounged in a doorway, coffee in one hand, one long leg thrown carelessly over the other.
Mary, on the other hand, was vocal about her opinion of Cade, even to the point of stating that he would be the greatest catch of the century - no doubt, even an exaggeration in Mary's mind.
She stretched and tried to relax, but her mind kept returning to Cade - thinking of his warm touch on the palm of her hand.
His hand moved down her side to her waist and then down to her leg, caressing the back of her knee in a delightful way.
His hand grazed her as he reached around her for a set of keys she hadn't noticed on the counter.
The vamp's head exploded with the first shot of his hand cannon, the bullet missing Bianca by a couple inches.
He smoothed her hair from her face and rested his hand against the soft skin of her exposed thigh, admiring her body.
The scars ran all the way through his hand, as if it had been chopped up and put back together.
She cracked the door to squeeze her hand in the space as well as to tell the other driver not to worry about the car.
He took her hand and led her out of the barracks through the back door and into the main house.
Several times she'd thought Dusty had the upper hand and could've killed the leering vamp, and several times, he'd stopped, once with a glance at his watch.
Dorothy kept hold of his hand and followed him, and soon they were both walking through the air, with the kitten frisking beside them.
He put his hand in his pocket, and was surprised to find the gold pieces wrapped in his mother's letter.
From the beginning of my education Miss Sullivan made it a practice to speak to me as she would speak to any hearing child; the only difference was that she spelled the sentences into my hand instead of speaking them.
Few know what joy it is to feel the roses pressing softly into the hand, or the beautiful motion of the lilies as they sway in the morning breeze.
The large, downy peaches would reach themselves into my hand, and as the joyous breezes flew about the trees the apples tumbled at my feet.
It was great fun to plunge my hand into the bowl and feel the tadpoles frisk about, and to let them slip and slide between my fingers.
He cut his trees level and close to the ground, that the sprouts which came up afterward might be more vigorous and a sled might slide over the stumps; and instead of leaving a whole tree to support his corded wood, he would pare it away to a slender stake or splinter which you could break off with your hand at last.
On the other hand, Alex needed to be in a position where he was forced to actually talk to his father.
He released her hand, but his eyes still held hers in a hypnotic trance that made her think of Dracula.
Paintings hung on every wall and expensive looking pottery lamps with hand painted shades gave the room a warm glow.
She put the offending foot on the ground, tentatively applying a little weight, clamping a hand over her mouth to stop the cry of pain.
His eyes were dancing with amusement as he used one hand to jerk the towel free and expose cut-off blue jeans.
As they climbed out of the car, a screen door squealed on the front porch and a short stocky man emerged, running a hand through graying hair.
She turned her head and stared across the pasture, acutely aware of the warmth of his hand on her leg.
She patted the handle of her whip with one hand and caressed the stock of her rifle with the other.
Under other circumstances, she might have enjoyed having the upper hand, but right now she didn't feel much like playing games.
With lightning speed, he caught the end of the whip in his hand and jerked violently, catching her off balance and pulling her off her feet.
On the other hand, if you abandoned the wagons and rode the mules, you might be able to keep ahead of the Indians.
As they walked back down the dune, she dragged her hand in a wavy line, trying to obliterate their tracks.
She jerked her hand free and darted past the wide-eyed Claudette - up the stairs and into the safety of her room.
He drew his mount to a halt beside her and kicked one foot free of the stirrup, offering a hand up.
Wasting no time, she jabbed her left foot in the stirrup and lifted her hand to be swallowed in his.
He squatted and took some of the freshly dug soil in his hand, crushing the lumps and letting the dust run through his fingers.
He lifted his hat from the peg and clamped it on his head and then paused, one hand on the door while he studied her face.
In the old days there was a hand pump in the kitchen and no hot water you didn't boil yourself.
My wife and I stopped at a closed filling station in Connecticut and with Martha's notes in hand I attempted to phone the authorities.
He watched a man and woman grab Eric when he went to the bathroom and with her hand over the boy's mouth, push him into a car.
The driver struck his passenger repeatedly on the side of her head with his free hand as he drove deeper into the wood.
My wife thought he should go or Howie should simply kiss his mother's hand, give an excuse of pressing business, and come back east.
She turned abruptly and pulling my head with one hand, kissed me hard on the mouth while her other hand groped between my legs!
The next morning Molly beat us awake by enough time for her to make oatmeal and toast and hand deliver it to our bed.
She knew better than to relax around her father, whose hand was likely to fly at the drop of a hat.
His shoulder didn't move as it should, and he switched the sword to his other hand, trusting his instincts to keep his head on his shoulders.
She wrapped her hand around the doorknob and turned it from steel into a rag and pushed the door open.
He tugged her hand, and she followed him out of the library and through the sprawling house and a large kitchen to the back door.
She made her way to a coffee shop and sat at a table in the darker end of the shop, hot cocoa in hand.
She shielded her eyes with one hand and walked down the carpeted hall, stopping when she realized her hallway didn't have carpet.
His hand lingered on her arm, and she rested her forehead against his fingers, comforted for the first time in months.
He reached for her, but his scarred hand passed through hers, as if all that remained of him was a ghost of the man he'd been.
He touched her face and trailed a finger down her neck, between her breasts, and rested his hand on her stomach.
He held out his hand, and Dusty clasped his wrist, allowing Damian to Travel them both to Tucson Sector HQ.
They exchanged a greeting in a foreign language that sounded like Russian before he held out his hand to her.
She took his hand and kissed his palm, then ran to her library, mind racing with what she'd learned about him.
A hand swept the dark memories from her mind, and she sagged against Darian, feeling the same sense of peace overtake his mind.

