
Sentences
One way to keep from being frantic is to take deep breaths and think about the optimistic side of the situation.
Next day, as he was crossing the bridge of Buda, Lamberg was dragged from his carriage by a frantic mob and torn to pieces.
Only once, it is recorded, did Spinoza's admirable self-control give way, and that was when he received the news of the murder of the De Witts by a frantic mob in the streets of the Hague.
Hundreds of castles and monasteries were destroyed by the frantic peasantry, and some of the nobles were murdered with shocking cruelty.
The little creatures are seen rushingn frantic haste from the hive like a living g stream, filling the air with ever-increasing thousands of bees on the wing.
You do play a role and there is a story, but the core gameplay is too frantic and nowhere near cerebral enough.
The studio kept her on a frantic schedule of filming, and to cope with the demands, Garland began using amphetamines.
Andre's motioning grew frantic, and Katie looked down.  A small crack had begun to form where the food cubes fell.
There was the yellow move­ment of a flashlight much too close and Dean sat bolt upright, a frantic vision of Bob from Boise, or Hal the creep, or someone ready to avenge the chastity of a wife or sister.
Police use of psychic tips was not unheard of, usually prompted by the begging of a frantic next of kin and not belief by the authorities in the reliability of the method.
There was always a river, eating away at the mountain as it had for eons, carrying with it minute particles, piece by piece in its frantic torrents.
It compelled him in a way that made him frantic to run away, before he crossed the line his mother warned him about and caused harm.
A frantic instrumental punctuated only by a blood- curdling scream from MacGowan, it ' articulates ' perfectly how unjust these laws were.
Thus it appeared in Austria-Hungary in ; in Italy, in spite of the frantic efforts made - as in other countries - to keep it out by strict legislation against the import of vines, in ; in Russia in ; in Germany, on the Rhine and Moselle, and in Switzerland in ; in Madeira, Spain and Portugal, about .
The wailing cry' and the frantic gestures of the cock bird in the breeding-season will tell any passer-by that a nest or brood is near; but, unless he knows how to look for it, nothing save mere chance will enable him to find it.
By the end of the war it had lost , men and a hundred million thalers; its coinage was debased and its trade ruined; and the whole country was in a state of frantic disorder.
In  it was found necessary to take the state of Mysore under British administration, where it continued until , when it was restored to native rule; and in  the frantic misrule of the raja of Coorg brought on a short and sharp war.
From  to  - when he gave up playing in public - he was greeted with frantic applause as the prince of pianists.
Although 'she actual rising might have appeared a mere outburst of frantic passion, the private examinations of the most prominent conspirators disclosed to the government a plot so widely spread, and involving so many of the highest in the land, that it would have been perilous to have pressed home accusations against all who might be implicated.
From catching Roach, Bream and Chub from a sluggish Bristol Avon to the sometimes frantic sport encountered on the modern-day commercial waters.
As the pace of life becomes more frantic the value of introspection becomes diminished except in art where it is encouraged to become grotesque.
The book describes the frantic craze for jigsaw puzzles during the s online jigsaw puzzles during the s online jigsaw puzzle and s.
The clientele makes it a kind of student canteen on a weekday lunchtime, ranging from frantic gossiping to would-be quiet study.
A lethargy of well-being, broken only by the pinch of taxation for war-costs, or by outbursts of frantic ferocity and lust in the less calculating tyrants, descended on the population of cities which had boasted of their freedom.
Sir Robert Peel's party, catching at this hint, threw themselves into a frantic state of excitement, and when Cobden attempted to explain that he meant official, not personal responsibility, they drowned his voice with clamorous and insulting shouts.
The Syracusans now blocked the mouth of the Great Harbour, and the Athenian fleet, after a frantic effort to break out and a desperate conflict, was utterly defeated and half destroyed.
It seems that Voltaire lent himself to the duchess's frantic hatred of the regent Orleans, and helped to compose lampoons on that prince.
All was turmoil and confusion, the crowd frantic. And, although Rondinelli had not come, the signory sent angry messages to ask why the Dominicans delayed the trial.
Nevertheless when Taylor meetings became the fashion and newspapers began to advocate his nomination, party lines threatened to disappear despite the frantic efforts of the oldtime chiefs of the two leading organizations to stem the tide against the popular favourite.
In his kindred productions he relies mainly upon a single element of the humorous - logical sequence and unruffled gravity bridling in an otherwise frantic absurdity, and investing it with an air of sense.
As a consumer, you have more power when you purchase the item before you need it because you are not frantic to make a purchase.
Whereas humans get caught up in a frantic adrenal rush, cats instinctively adjust in the middle of their fall to reposition their legs.
Visitors will travel to Whitehorse on Air North where they will have a welcome dinner before visiting Kluane and Frantic Follies.
In this sport, both dog and owner work together as a team to complete an obstacle course in the shortest amount of time, and the pace can be downright frantic!
Several websites offer a glimpse of the park during its glory years, both during the frantic amusement boom of the s and the more recent modern boom of the s.
With so many players on screen and all the frantic action, there are still changes and innovations taking place in football video games.
A lot of clicking.It's a little slow to start, but as you make your way to later stages, you will find that the mouse clicking will get much more frantic, offering some heart-pounding action.
Frantic underwater action at its best can be enjoyed, and better yet, you can play Feeding Frenzy  for free online at several websites.
Benefits that you will enjoy include no frantic, last-minute assembling of lessons for the day as your children wait patiently (or not so patiently?) for you to tell them what they're doing for the day.
In the show, Elaine is frantic because she heard the news that the Sponge would cease to be available in the next year.
Howie was frantic until I explained that knowing someone was offering peculiar but pertinent tips wasn't the same as finding the names of who was doing it.
However, the Floral Dance succeeds in having the last say as the music makes its last frantic dash to the finishing line.
There was more to follow in a frantic finale to the half with skipper Young doubling his side's tally in injury time.
The tunnels at the sides and the open areas in front of the bases make for frantic firefights and nerve-wracking chases.
Out with him on a tour of some of the branch monasteries I was nearly frantic to get my stinking robes washed.
This plus the continued, almost frantic pace of reform in the NHS is the cause of the crises now emerging across the NHS.
Preparing for the next day the night before as part of a daily rhythm or routine makes mornings less frantic.
Some highly efficient and organized people are very stressed, because they aren't able to stop rushing around at a frantic pace.
He is closely akin to Glaucus Pontius, the frantic horses of the one probably representing the stormy waves, the other the sea in its calmer mood.
The best way to avoid having to make a frantic run to the mall right before Christmas is to create a gift closet filled with presents that you can use for occasions when you need a gift in a hurry.
Lycurgus was blinded by Zeus and soon died, or became frantic and hewed down his own son, mistaking him for a vine.
