
For the purchase and distribution of the land a " State Land Office" has been set up. A share in the distribution may be claimed on the one hand by private persons to the amount of  hectares ( ac.) - the amount suitable for cultivation by one family; on the other hand by agricultural, housing and cooperative societies.
Coleman was cooperative for the police, but was issued a citation, which could result in a $ fine and as much as three months in jail.
Mr. Harding's interest in agricultural problems was keen; in his first message he asked special protection for agricultural interests, and in his second he declared that something more than protection must be given the farmers, advocating warmly the encouragement of cooperative marketing plans.
If the sanction imposed by Grim Trigger cannot deter a rational player from unilateral defection, then no cooperative strategy can do so.
There are a couple of ways to get around this, but it all depends on how cooperative the manufacturer or dress shop owners are.
Take the sample to your local nursery and garden center or call your County Cooperative Extension office to see if they conduct soil tests.
For more information on seed starting, check with your local County Cooperative Extension office or one of the many seed companies online.
The variety to choose depends upon your gardening zone; check with your local county cooperative extension office for suggestions, or ask neighbors for local favorites.
Your local agricultural agents or Cooperative Extension agents can educate you on the soils typical in your region, and make suggestions to adjust soil pH based on soil tests.
Visit your local County Cooperative Extension office online or call them and ask for any free pamphlets they have for growing vegetables.
You can purchase a soil test kit from a hardware or garden supply store and test your own soil, or contact your local cooperative extension service for information on getting a soil test done.
For example, you may be able to find organic seeds at your local natural foods store, farmers' cooperative or garden center.
By creating a Farm Cooperative rather than a faceless corporation, this company has been able to maintain the high standards that benefit both the farmer and the consumer.
It is available in a natural cream color.Not only is this organic cotton yarn eco-friendly, it is hand spun by a women's cooperative in Peru.
Released in , it was a game that allowed up to four players to play simultaneously in a cooperative mode known as Hyrulean Adventure.
Use the wireless capabilities of the PSP to play a portable multiplayer game with up to  simultaneous players in cooperative or competitive modes.
And of course, it will be able to play movies and music, network with your computer, and connect to other Xbox systems for competitive and cooperative gaming madness.
Family therapy has worked well for many patients, educating both patients and their families about the nature of schizophrenia and helping them in their cooperative effort to cope with the disorder.
It is also influenced by the child's temperament and irritability, cognitive ability, the level of involvement with deviant peers, exposure to violence, and deficit of cooperative problem-solving skills.
Higher quality care led to better child compliance and self-control, and children in larger groups (over three) appeared to be more cooperative than those in smaller groups.
In successful job sharing arrangements, the partners have a cooperative and supportive relationship, staying in close touch to maintain continuity on the job.
Their pervasive reliance on others, even for minor tasks or decisions, makes them exaggeratedly cooperative out of fear of alienating those whose help their need.
In addition, dancers will profit from the team-building and cooperative skills acquired at camp for the rest of their lives.
Before ordering, check with your local homeschool cooperative for other options or to purchase tassels or diplomas in bulk quantities.
If you've inherited a math curriculum from a friend or local homeschool cooperative but need additional manipulatives, this is the place to find them.
If the acupuncturist has a cooperative agreement with a local hospital or pregnancy care provider, make sure to use one of these hospitals and care providers for your pregnancy care.
Over the years, more military escorts have been necessary as Santa must cross restricted airspace in order to keep his demanding schedule, but military forces have always been cooperative with Mr. Claus.
The Daytime Emmy awards program is presented by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences (NATAS), in a cooperative effort with the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences.
Toys that focus on cooperative play can be an effective way to promote the development of skills like sharing, turn taking, communication, and imitation.
With careful planning, cooperative efforts, and extensive monitoring, you and your child's doctors can create a successful intervention plan for your child.
Outdoor toys and equipment that encourage cooperative play can provide a relaxed environment in which social skills can be learned, practiced, or observed.
The company was founded as a cooperative where individual policyholders shared the costs of the losses when a claim was filed.
Since the earliest days of Christian persecution by the Romans, the faith has always emphasized cooperative labor and support amongst members.
This was confirmed when we visited the barrios and met with residents, teachers, Cuban doctors and financial and food cooperative workers.
Also consider getting products to provide think only a. Basic membership fee cooperative itself offered bevy of consultants of america will.
An American consul based in Algiers Robert Daniel Murphy was tasked with sounding out how cooperative the French army would be.
Running scared of successful community-supported workers co-ops; government agencies have been ignoring the cooperative's attempts to become a legal entity.
I found the representatives of the university friendly to talk to and extremely cooperative, which made me consider their offer more seriously.
The Bakery began as a CCM project, was established as a workers ' cooperative, and is now functioning as an independent business.
Self help groups are essentially egalitarian and cooperative gatherings which put shared experience and personal stories at the heart of the group.
In five phase it reflects the interactions of cooperative exchange (top trigram) in a context of competitive exchange (bottom trigram ).
He cordially concurred in the cooperative and protective resolutions then adopted (see English History) and joined Mr. Asquith in recommending them to the House of Commons.
In five phase it reflects the interactions of cooperative exchange (top trigram) in a context of competitive exchange (bottom trigram).
The ideal time varies from region to region, so check with your local Cooperative Extension Service for the best time in your area.
Even parents who are cooperative and tolerant of one another often find themselves facing unexpected roadblocks as they work out housing and visitation arrangements.
There are many types of car share schemes, from people coming together to share rides through to cooperative groups who own and run vehicles.
People gathering together to share daily trips to work or running a car within a cooperative will find that their car gas bills are reduced.
If the weather is cooperative and you are lucky enough to have a thick blanket of snow outside, look no further than your window for a great Christmas photography backdrop.
You may also want to check with your local County Cooperative Extension Office to see what grape varieties they recommend.
Most garden centers have testing kits, but if you're just starting out, it's probably a good idea to contact your local cooperative extension office.
Across these developmental periods, prosocial skills (friendly, cooperative, helpful behaviors) and self-control skills (anger management, negotiation skills, problem-solving skills) are key facets of social competence.
An Aquarius will be cooperative when working on group projects and cordial in meetings and with customers, but he or she also won't hesitate to share an opposing point of view or offer a completely new perspective on a situation.
Aldrich  Nebraska was one of the states in which the collapse of the cooperative enterprises of the Grange was particularly severe.
