
Sentences
The most accomplished and versatile representative of his gifted family, Richard was, in his lifetime and long afterwards, a favourite hero with troubadours and romancers.
On his accession to the throne in  much was expected of a prince so variously gifted and of so amiable a temper, and his first acts did not belie popular hopes.
To these we may add the gifted but unfortunate Sigismund Czak, Lewis Dobsa, Joseph Szigeti, Ignatius Nagy, Joseph Szenvey (a translator from Schiller), Joseph Gaal, Charles Hugo, Lawrence Toth (the Magyarizer of the School for Scandal), Emeric Vahot, Alois Degre (equally famous as a novelist), Stephen Toldy and Lewis Doczi, author of the popular prize drama Csok (The Kiss).
As he was not gifted with the qualifications of the orator, he seldom appeared at the tribune; but in the various committees he defended all forms of popular liberties, and at the same time delivered, in a series of powerful pamphlets, under the pseudonym of "Timon," the most formidable blows against tyranny and all political and administrative abuses.
In spite of the incorrectness of his diction, he was gifted with a genuine eloquence, and well knew how to carry the populace with him.
They are then examined by the elders of the tribe, and if events have verified them, he is recognized as a supernaturally gifted being, and rewarded with chieftaincy.
Celtic legend places fairies in both Ireland and Scotland - an ancient legend from the Isle of Skye holds that the MacLeod family possesses a scrap of fabric gifted to a chieftain by a fairy lover.
In Poland Zapolya's was the popular cause, and he also found powerful support in the influential and highly gifted Laski family, as represented by the Polish chancellor and his nephews John and Hieronymus.
Wil Wheaton, who played the gifted but young Wesley Crusher on Star Trek the Next Generation also decided to leave the show early in the seventh season.
He had designated as his successor his natural son, g the highly gifted Janos (John) Corvinus, a youth of seventeen.
Other precursors of the modern school were the poet and philologist Francis Verseghy, whose works extend to nearly forty volumes; the gifted didactic prose writer, Joseph 'Carman; the metrical rhymster, Gideon Raday; the lyric poets, Ssentjebi Szabo, Janos Bacsanyi, and the short-lived Gabriel Dayka, whose posthumous " Verses " were published in  by Kazinczy.
Now Mark Napier found in the library of the university of Edinburgh a mathematical work bearing a sentence in Latin which he translates, " To Doctor John Craig of Edinburgh, in Scotland, a most illustrious man, highly gifted with various and excellent learning, professor of medicine, and exceedingly skilled in the mathematics, Tycho Brahe bath sent this gift, and with his own hand written this at Uraniburg, d November ."
All the fossil plants and animals of every kind are brought from this continent into a great museum; the latitude, longitude and relative elevation of each specimen are precisely recorded; a corps of investigators, having the most exact and thorough training in zoology and botany, and gifted with imagination, will soon begin to restore the geographic and physiographic outlines of the continent, its fresh, brackish and salt-water confines, its seas, rivers and lakes, its forests, uplands, plains, meadows and swamps, also to a certain extent the cosmic relations of this continent, the amount and duration of its sunshine, as well as something of the chemical constitution of its atmosphere and the waters of its rivers and seas; they will trace the progressive changes which took place in the outlines of the continent and its surrounding oceans, following the invasion§ of the land by the sea and the re-emergence of the land and retreatal of the seashore; they will outline the shoals and deeps of its border seas, and trace the barriers which prevented intermingling of the inhabitants of the various provinces of the continent and the surrounding seas.
Zabarella to the Arabians, and himself gifted with great logical powers, always deserves study in his editions of the Organon and the Physics, and in his Doctrinae Peripateticae.
His final view was that certain actions of the divine substance are during consciousness gifted with knowledge of themselves as active centres, but during unconsciousness are non-existent.
But his accomplishments and ability were such as would have secured for him influence and prominence in any age of the Church; and besides being highly gifted intellectually and morally, he was marked by those specially human qualities which command the interest of all students of life and character.
His work has the value that attaches to a record written by one chronicling the events of his own times, gifted with ordinary powers of observation, indubitable candour and independence of view.
His last work, Vision d'Hebal, intended as part of the Ville des expiations, describes the chief of a Scottish clan, who, gifted with second sight, gives semi-prophetic utterances as to the course of world-history.
It was impossible, indeed, to resist openly so highly gifted and so popular a sovereign; it was only by the despicable expedient of assassination that the last great monarch of Sweden was finally removed, to the infinite detriment of his country.
There are few things in literary history more remarkable than this friendship. The gifted Dorothy Wordsworth described Coleridge as "thin and pale, the lower part of the face not good, wide mouth, thick lips, not very good teeth, longish, loose, half-curling, rough, black hair," - but all was forgotten in the magic charm of his utterance.
Brave and kindly, and gifted with a rough telling eloquence, Sertorius was just the man to impress them favourably, and the native militia, which he organized, spoke of him as the "new Hannibal."
Maria Amalia Vaz de Carvalho, a highly gifted critic and essayist whose personality and cercle call to mind the th-century poetess, the Marqueza.
After a distinguished career at school and college, he adopted the law as his profession, and in  married the highly gifted but eccentric Augusta Marie, daughter of the philologist Peter Oluf Brbndsted.
Along the middle Congo from Stanley Pool to Stanley Falls the more important tribes are the Bateke, in the Stanley Pool district, but chiefly on the north side of the river in French territory; the Bayanzi (Babangi), between the mouths of the Kasai and the Ubangi; the Bangala, one of the most gifted of the Congo tribes, whence are recruited many of the soldiery; the Bapoto and the Basoko.
He is described by the Four Masters as " a learned man, skilled in many arts, gifted with a profound intellect, and the knowledge of every science."
The Logos of the Stoics (q.v.) is a reason in the world gifted with intelligence, and analogous to the reason in man.
The " United " fared better, and many a gifted young Rumanian was sent to Rome and helped from Vienna to obtain a serious education and occasionally also temporal promotion.
Nothing could be better fitted to call forth such mathematical powers as those of Hamilton; for Laplace's great work, rich to profusion in analytical processes alike novel and powerful, demands from the most gifted student careful and often laborious study.
She is described at this time by Scaramelli, Venetian secretary in London, as "of great beauty and remarkable qualities, being gifted with many accomplishments, among them being the knowledge of Latin, French, Spanish, Italian,, besides her native English"; as having "very exalted ideas,.
The administration remained in the hands of the eunuch Basileios (an illegitimate son of Romanus I.), president of the senate, a wily and gifted man, who hoped that the young emperors would be his puppets.
The long reign (-) of Ulrich I., who succeeded to the duchy while still a child, was a most eventful period for the country, and many traditions cluster round the name of this gifted, unscrupulous and ambitious man.
Christianity is for the most part conceived as essentially a proclamation through the Divine Word, to immortal beings gifted with free choice, of the true code of conduct sanctioned by eternal rewards and punishments.
The prominence of the publishing interest has attracted to Leipzig a large number of gifted authors, and made it a literary centre of considerable importance.
At the head of the former type Robespierre, without special knowledge or exceptional talent, devoured by jealous ambition and gifted with cold grave eloquence, enjoyed a great moral ascendancy, due to his incorruptible purity of life and the invariably correct behaviour that had been wanting in Mirabeau, and by the persevering will which Danton had lacked.
Dumas was a prolific writer, and his numerous books, essays, memorial addresses, &c., show him to have been gifted with a clear and graceful style.
On the other hand they are greedy of gain, quarrelsome in small matters, self-seeking and wanting in stability; and they are gifted with a tendency to exaggeration and a love of intrigue which has had an unfortunate influence on their history.
Although rough and unpolished, he was gifted with natural eloquence and a powerful voice, and knew exactly how to work upon the feelings of the people.
P. Dupanloup, then engaged in Organizing the ecclesiastical college of St Nicholas du Chardonnet, a school in which the young Catholic nobility and the most gifted pupils of the Catholic seminaries were to be educated together, with a view to cementing the bond between the aristocracy and the priesthood.
And I have a very gifted dramatic ballerina Leticia Muller - the best since Lynn Seymour, that's what I would say.
This could be either due to learning difficulties or because they are considered to be exceptionally bright or gifted children.
Glossary of terms chattels All personal items of the person making the Will, which have not already been gifted as specific items.
Alexis Didier was the younger and more gifted of two brothers who both demonstrated clairvoyance when put into a hypnotic trance.
This man is one gifted clairvoyants in England, tho Tom Tyrrell the weaver, Aaron Wilkinson, and others are very marvelous.
Here is an extraordinarily gifted writer working his way inside a language that has dominated public discourse in the Republic for three decades.
Because had the way to God been open through wisdom, Christianity would have opened the way to salvation only to the intellectually gifted.
Moreover,  several other respondents stressed that Gowan was a highly gifted scientist, scrupulous in his attention to detail and immensely industrious.
The course provides an opportunity for gifted graduate linguists to progress considerably beyond the traditional level achieved by undergraduates in modern languages.
You may go into research, perhaps follow a specialism such as working with gifted children, or working with young children in care.
As "a gifted amateur in politics" he increased the disorder of Germany and Italy and exposed himself and the empire to the jeers of Europe.
We thus see in the Scandinavian settlers in Gaul, after they had put on the outward garb of their adopted country, a people restless and enterprising above all others, adopting and spreading abroad all that they could make their own in their new land and everywhere else - a people in many ways highly gifted, greatly affecting and of Sicily modifying at the time every land in which they settled, but, wherever they settled, gradually losing themselves among the people of the land.
Gifted with eloquence and energy, he popularized in Italy the economic ideas of Schultze-Delitzsch, worked for the establishment of a commercial college at Venice, and contributed to the spread of people's banks on a basis of limited liability throughout the country.
The fact that, in practice, the judgments even of connoisseurs are perpetually at variance, and that the so-called criteria of one place or period are more or less opposed to those of all others, is explained away by the hypothesis that individuals are differently gifted in respect of the capacity to appreciate.
Joly de Fleury and DOrmesson, Neckers successors, pushed their narrow spirit of reaction and the temerity of their inexperience to the furthest limit; but the reaction which reinforced the privileged classes was not sufficient to fill the coffers of the treasury, and Marie Antoinette, who seemed gifted with a fatal perversity of instinct, confided the finances of the kingdom to Calonne, an upper-class official and a veritable Cagliostro of finance.
In the opening two rounds, Hastie had real difficulty coming to terms with the southpaw stance of his technically gifted opponent.
Oliver 's a gifted storyteller endowed with an elegant, compelling prose which makes you fully enjoy the pleasure of reading.
As the baby grows, any money found or gifted can be deposited into the bank, making it a wonderful savings and memory bank.
Even in a situation where the property was gifted to the other spouse, the Court may make a ruling for something other than a straight / split.
A year or so ago, though, I was gifted with a tube of Prescriptives Lash Envy mascara and haven't looked back since.
The University of Missouri Columbia's online offerings include a Master of Education degree with early childhood education, gifted education, literacy, and social studies concentrations.
These camps are designed for kids who are gifted in acting, music, and the like, and they offer an opportunity to hone performing arts skills while building friendships with similarly talented individuals.
Although Da Vinci is best known for the Mona Lisa and The Last Supper, he was also a gifted inventor and drew up plans for airplanes and tanks.
So, after their beautiful home is built and they are gifted another quarter-of-a-million dollars for maintenance and taxes, what does the Harper couple do?
Jackman was known to be gifted at singing and appeared in the musical My Fair Lady while attending high school.
Simon Cowell's engagement rumors sparked when he reportedly gifted her with a $, ring as well as a $, bracelet on Valentine's Day.
Lori Singer, sister of actor Marc Singer of The Beastmaster fame, was born into a talented and musically gifted family.
It's difficult for instructors to teach a course so that slow learners and very gifted students are able to learn and enjoy the material.
Some facets of communication and discussion are innate, but a person who isn't gifted with social graces or an outgoing personality can still become successful at public relations by studying diligently.
Reading a Brain Age for DS review will quickly reveal that it is still as popular as the day it was released, evidence by the fact that it is one of the top gifted items on Amazon.
Your character is an Elfin princess who has been gifted with the power to transform into various beast Elementals with unique abilities.
For a child who is not gifted academically, the opportunity to excel in the arts or sports may make a big difference in his or her self-esteem.
Some underachieving but gifted children have learning disabilities that are caused by deficits in central auditory skills, including auditory discrimination.
Significant differences in the appearance of the P peak have been found between poorly achieving gifted children and highly achieving gifted children.
In everyday life, people have a general understanding that some people are "smart," but when they try to define "smart" precisely, they often have difficulty because a person can be gifted in one area and average or below in another.
Gifted children who are not identified and continue to be taught in a general classroom may develop behavioral issues due to boredom.
Homeschooling also enables parents to notice when the curriculum is too easy for their gifted child or when the child is stressed by a curriculum that is too challenging.
Highly gifted children forced to endure a public school education that does not consider their individual needs may lose interest in school and learning.
If your student is just beginning or is gifted in math, it may be a great fit for your homeschool.
Dissecting poetry and learning to interpret a poem's intent will be a frustrating task for students who are more technically oriented as opposed to those who are gifted with the abstract.
The funds for the down payment can also be gifted, whereas this is not generally acceptable with conventional mortgage loans.
Gifted $ million to the Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital in California to help with a major $ million construction project.
If you are a gifted writer or have experience in a particular industry, you may want to consider writing letters as an example to other groups.
If you are not a gifted writer and do not have the time or motivation to take a course, try to find someone else within your organization who would be willing to take the class.
Excel Academically - Whether or not you're a gifted athlete, or you have a girlfriend already, make sure to excel in your academics.
The site indicates that your own interpretation may vary a bit once you become a more experienced and gifted card reader.
Is the child unusually gifted, have learning deficits, or have special interests that would be best served by a special program?
Gifted and Talented (GATE) Programs - Some public school districts have special tracks and/or special schools for children identified as gifted or talented.
A final idea as to what fairies are supposed to represent is that they are an entirely different race from humans, but related to them, and gifted with magical powers as well as long life.
For a student who has a disability and is gifted, the SDI also includes adaptations, accommodations or modifications to the general education curriculum, as appropriate for a student with a disability.
Accept That This Part Will Take Awhile - Unless you are extraordinarily gifted, you will probably stall the car several times before you get this right.
Whether the family business is a repair shop, or the inclination to tinker on vehicles runs in the family genes, some people are naturally gifted when it comes to fixing and building cars.
The Twilight movie soundtracks contain a wide variety of music, from lilting ballads to rockers, contributed by some truly gifted bands and artists.
The child is gifted with the ability to communicate with the dead at the location of their death, and his life is made miserable by his inability to shut them out.
A 'third' (a family's unusual third child, rarely allowed), he is uniquely gifted, and at six is picked for special training.
The story focuses on a secret that wayward child and psychic, River Tam unknowingly picked up during her years at a government owned learning academy for gifted children.
Like every super hero or heroine, she was gifted with super powers, some unique and others such as super-human strength and speed which are common to many super heroes.
Thus perished at the age of thirty-six one of the most chivalrous and gifted of a gallant band of brothers, four of whom laid down their lives in their country's cause.
That state of mind was due to the fact that the groupings so recognized did not profess to be simply the result of scientific reasoning, but were necessarily regarded as the expressions of the " insight " of some more or less gifted persons into a plan or system which had been arbitrarily chosen by the Creator.
The freedom and the inexhaustibleness of the undeserved grace of God is a subject to which this gifted son constantly returns with "a monotony which is never monotonous."
Eminently first is a species of nightingale (uguisu), which, though smaller than,its congener of the West, is gifted with exquisitely modulated flute-like notes of considerable range.
Of course, the earthforming animal is a preternaturally gifted one, and is on the line of development towards that magnified man who, in a later stage, becomes the demiurge.'
A massive stone bridge was built across the Danube, near the modern Turn Severin, by Apollodorus, the gifted architect who afterwards designed the forum of Trajan.
He inherited the talents of his highly gifted mother, and his amiability and handsome features made him very popular in Copenhagen.
Gifted with a great capacity for work, a remarkable memory and an unbiassed and critical mind, he produced without great effort a number of learned pamphlets and books on the most varied subjects.
These volumes revealed the author as the most gifted of the immediate disciples of Wordsworth, with a warmer colouring and more pronounced ecclesiastical sympathies than the master, and strong affinities to Tennyson, Keble and Monckton Milnes.
Thiers was by far the most gifted and interesting of the group of literary statesmen which formed a unique feature in the French political history of the th century.
With August Wilhelm Schlegel and his gifted wife Caroline, herself the embodiment of the Romantic spirit, Schelling's relations were of the most intimate kind, and a marriage between Schelling and Caroline's young daughter, Auguste Bohmer, was vaguely contemplated by both.
Each one, however, was attached and led onward by the prospect of a higher rank to be attained, while the intellectually gifted had an additional inducement in the assurance that they did not require to submit themselves to any authority, but would be led to God by pure reason.
Federigo's only son Guidubaldo, who succeeded his father, married in  the gifted Elizabeth Gonzaga, of the ruling family in Mantua.
The alliance concluded by him with France reveals him at once as rising superior to the narrow prejudices of his race and faith, which rejected with scorn any union with the unbeliever, and as gifted with sufficient political insight to appreciate the advantage of combining with Francis I.
The best elements in Goethe's genius came from his mother's side; of a lively, impulsive disposition, and gifted with remarkable imaginative power, Frau Rat was the ideal mother of a poet; moreover, being hardly eighteen at the time of her son's birth, she was herself able to be the companion of his childhood.
Wolfgang or, as he was familiarly called, Wolf von Goethe, was by far the more gifted of the two brothers, and his gloomy destiny by so much the more tragic. A sensitive and highly imaginative boy, he was the favourite of his grandfather, who made him his constant companion.
He held up to his daughter as an especial model the family of a poor but gifted mechanic as one wherein she would see" the best examples of rational living."
Broadly speaking, the Himalayas are peopled by Mongoloid tribes; the great river plains of Hindustan are still the home of the Aryan race; the triangular table-land has formed an arena for a long struggle between that gifted race from the north and what is known as the Dravidian stock in the south.
But Knox broadens his plan so as to claim also the property which had been really gifted to the Church by princes and nobles - given by them indeed, as he held, without any moral right and to the injury of the people, yet so as to be Church patrimony.
Helen has the vitality of feeling, the freshness and eagerness of interest, and the spiritual insight of the artistic temperament, and naturally she has a more active and intense joy in life, simply as life, and in nature, books, and people than less gifted mortals.
Helen's mind is so gifted by nature that she seems able to understand with only the faintest touch of explanation every possible variety of external relations.
It surprises me to find that such an idea has crossed the mind of any one, especially of a highly gifted critic.
A new and energetic spirit was introduced by Scheele; among other discoveries this gifted experimenter isolated and characterized many organic acids, and proved the general occurrence of glycerin (Olsiiss) in all oils and fats.
It is maintained by those admirers of Mary who assume her to have been an almost absolute imbecile, gifted with the power of imposing herself on the world as a woman of unsurpassed ability, that, while cognisant of the plot for her deliverance by English rebels and an invading army of foreign auxiliaries, she might have been innocently unconscious that this conspiracy involved the simultaneous assassination of Elizabeth.
On the th of March  he married Ottilie Beham, a gifted lady, whose brothers, pupils of Albrecht Durer, had got into trouble through Anabaptist leanings.
