
Sentences
Archelaus, Herod's successor, had far less authority than Herod, and the real power of government at Jerusalem was assumed by the Roman procurators, in the time of one of whom, Pontius Pilate, Jesus Christ was condemned to death and crucified outside Jerusalem.
He was condemned by a Roman synod under Bishop Siricius in , and afterwards excommunicated by another at Milan under the presidency of Ambrose.
He rose and tossed the book away, wanting to distance his thoughts from the monsters that had condemned generation after generation of warlords with the beast.
He was tried and condemned to death for being a heretic, but the sentence was commuted to perpetual imprisonment, while his wife was immured in a convent.
On the th of July  he was condemned in the vice-chancellor's court for certain libels against the late earl of Clarendon, fined, banished from the university until he recanted, and the offending pages burnt.
The Arabs endeavoured to induce Geronimo to renounce Christianity, but as he steadfastly refused to do so he was condemned to death.
On his failure to appear before the court he was condemned to death, and remained in Belgium until , when he was included in the amnesty proclaimed by Grevy.
The prisoner is defended by an officer, whom he may himself appoint, and can be acquitted by a simple majority, but only be condemned by a two-thirds majority.
Three times he refused to appear, and early in  sentence was pronounced against him; he was condemned to lose all his lands and to go into banishment.
The penalty of excommunication ipso facto is only maintained for reading books written by heretics or apostates in defence of heresy, or books condemned by name under pain of excommunication by pontifical letters (not by decrees of the Index).
He joined in the attack upon the Girondists, but, as member of the committee of general security, he condemned the system of the Terror.
They were therefore recalled, tried and condemned to death, except two who had disobeyed the order to return to Athens.
Shortly after his arrival there he issued a document known to history as his Judicatum (), in which he condemned indeed the three chapters, but expressly disavowed any intentions thereby to disparage the council of Chalcedon.
Idolatry and all deification of created beings, such as the worship of Christ as the Son of God, are unsparingly condemned.
Bismarck afterwards said that this speech of Bebel's was a "ray of light," showing him that Socialism was an enemy to be fought against and crushed; and in  Bebel was accused in Brunswick of preparation for high treason, and condemned to two years' imprisonment in a fortress, and, for insulting the German emperor, to nine months' ordinary imprisonment.
After the passing of the Socialist Law he continued to show great activity in the debates of the Reichstag, and was also elected a member of the Saxon parliament; when the state of siege was proclaimed in Leipzig he was expelled from the city, and in  condemned to nine months' imprisonment for taking part in a secret society.
When he was condemned to death by Nero, she would have imitated her mother's example, but was dissuaded by her husband, who entreated her to live for the sake of their children.
It is probable that this process was largely an unconscious one; and even if conscious, the analogy of the conventional " legal fiction " and the usual anxiety to avoid the appearance of novelty is enough to show that it is not to be condemned.
In  Benjamin Outram, of Greetland, near Halifax, appears to have again attempted the spinning of this fibre, and for the second time alpaca was condemned.
The pioneers of the work were confronted with many difficulties; most people condemned the fibre and the cloth, many warps were discarded as unfit for weaving, and any attempt to mix the fibre with flax, tow or hemp was considered a form of deception.
They were both seized, tried and condemned as traitors, and were executed on the th of June  in the great square before the town hall at Brussels.
He was associated with David Reubeni, who also made Messianic claims. Molko, after a chequered career, was condemned to death by the ecclesiastical court at Mantua.
It was synodically condemned along with Hobbes's Leviathan and other books as early as April , and was consequently interdicted by the states-general of Holland in ; before long it was also placed on the Index by the Catholic authorities.
Having meanwhile become archbishop of Canterbury Courtenay summoned a council, or synod, in London, which condemned the opinions of Wycliffe; he then attacked the Lollards at Oxford, and urged the bishops to imprison heretics.
He was condemned first to be broken on the wheel and then beheaded; but, reprieved on the scaffold, his sentence was commuted to lifelong banishment, with his whole family, to Berezov in Siberia, where he died six years later.
He became chancellor to Gustavus Vasa, but his reforming zeal soon brought him into disgrace, and in J he was condemned to death.
Being discovered plotting against the government during the absence of Gustavus in Russia, he was condemned to imprisonment for life - that is, for twenty years.
A council of war, before which he was tried, condemned him to pay the cost of restoring the column, , francs (,).
At the request of the pope he was seized by order of the emperor Frederick, then in Italy, and delivered to the prefect of Rome, by whom he was condemned to death.
Then a higher God, hitherto unknown, and concealed even from the Demiurge, took pity on the wretched, condemned race of men.
On this occasion Nestorius was condemned, and the honour of the Virgin established as Theotokus, amid great popular rejoicing, due, doubtless, in some measure to the hold which the cult of the virgin Artemis still had on the city.
He was accused of complicity in an obscure attempt () against the life of Napoleon III., and condemned in his absence to deportation.
Four of the Reform leaders were condemned to death on the th of April, but the sentence was commuted to a fine of £, each.
Originally a contraband manufacturer of salt, Cottereau along with his brothers had several times been condemned and served sentence; but the Revolution, by destroying the inland customs, ruined his trade.
With the Slavophils he agreed in advocating the extension of Russian influence in south-eastern Europe, but he carefully kept aloof from them and condemned their archaeological and ecclesiastical sentimentality.
A courtmartial condemned him in contumaciam to death by "garote vil," and he had to hide in the house of a friend until he escaped to France.
But the worst vices of the Inquisition were the widespread system of delation it encouraged by paying informers out of the property of the condemned, and its action as a trading and landholding association.
In June  Victor met the emperor at Florence, and held a council, which anew condemned clerical marriages, simony and the alienation of the estates of the church.
This time he fled from Paris, to the court of Montmorency, and was condemned in his absence (th of August ) to death.
They were arrested, proved guilty, and on the th of December condemned to death and strangled in the underground dungeon on the slope of the Capitol.
Byng was brought home, tried by court-martial, condemned to death, and shot on the th of March  at Portsmouth.
The court had indeed acquitted him of personal cowardice or of disaffection, and only condemned him for not having done his utmost.
The animism common alike to the untaught Huns and to their Hindu conquerors, but condemned in early Buddhism, was allowed to revive.
There is also in existence a letter of Calvin, dated  , in which he speaks of Pantagruel, but not of Gargantua, as having been condemned as an obscene book.
His father, of the same name, had held an important military command in Sicily, but on his return to Rome he was prosecuted on a charge of bribery and condemned to exile.
On the th of January , Hooper, Rogers, Rowland Taylor and others were condemned by Gardiner and degraded by Bonner.
Notwithstanding this, a synod, held at Frankfort in , anew condemned the practice, and the dispute remained unsettled at Adrian's death.
The temptation to trace all heresy to one who had been condemned by Peter was too strong for the Fathers.'
In  Eleanor was charged with practising sorcery against the king, and Humphrey had to submit to see her condemned, and her accomplices executed.
He condemned the iconoclasts at a council convened at Rome in November , and, like his predecessor Gregory II., stimulated the missionary labours of St Boniface, on whom he conferred the pallium.
Nicholas was condemned to perpetual imprisonment, and died in obscurity at Avignon; while the Roman people submitted to King Robert, who governed the church through his vicars.
In the bull Sancta Romana et universa ecclesia (December , ) John definitively excommunicated them and condemned their principal book, the Postil (commentary) on the Apocalypse' (February , ).
His execution took place on the rd of May , Garnet acknowledging himself justly condemned for his concealment of the plot, but maintaining to the last that he had never approved it.
A particular tax is not necessarily to be condemned because it takes a little more out of the pockets of the people than what the government receives.
The result was that they were condemned to death, but were only imprisoned for the rest of their days in the Tower, where they both carved inscriptions on the walls of their dungeon, which are still visible in the Beauchamp tower.
The worst that can be laid to his charge is that he had a great liking for some diversions, quite harmless in themselves, but condemned by the rigid precisians among whom he lived, and for whose opinion he had a great respect.
But we find mention of practices condemned by the orthodox, or forming no part of the Moslem ritual, which may be regarded as traces of an older ceremonial.
Shortly after the chiefs were tried and condemned for proceedings prejudicial to the social order; and the sect was entirely broken up ().
Notwithstanding his valour he was wounded and taken prisoner at Muhlberg on the th of April , and was condemned to death in order to induce Wittenberg to surrender.
He lost his professorship in  with his civic rights, when he was condemned to fifteen months' imprisonment for his share in a secret society.
How opposed to the general sentiment of Germany the Prussian policy in Posen was, was shown in February , when it was condemned, though without effect, by a resolution of the German imperial parliament.
The older part may go back as early as the rd century B.C., and it sets out more especially the Jain doctrine of tapas or self-mortification, in contradistinction to the Buddhist view, which condemned asceticism.
Pole was impeached on a groundthe kings less charge of corruption and condemned, but Richard favor- at once pardoned him and restored him to favor, Dc ftes.
She was tried and condemned to imprisonment for life; her guilt was visited on her husband, on whose behalf she was acting, for if Henry had died his uncle would have come to the throne.
However that may be, Anne was not only condemned and executed, but her Execution marriage was declared invalid and her daughter a of Queen bastard.
The trial of  prisoners sent up from Nantes led to so many terrible disclosures that public feeling turned still more fiercely against the Jacobins; Carrier himself was condemned and executed; and in November the Jacobin Club was closed.
The priests were made responsible and some eight thousand were condemned in a mass to deportation, although much the greater part escaped by the goodwill of the people.
In  his doctrines were condemned by the university, and, on a personal appeal to Pope Innocent III., the sentence was ratified, Amalric being ordered to return to Paris and recant his errors.
But so soon as men perceive upon reflection an apparent discrepancy between the utterances of their moral consciousness and certain conclusions to which theological speculation (or at a later period metaphysical and scientific inquiries) seems inevitably to lead them, they will not rest satisfied until the belief in the will's freedom (hitherto unquestioned) is upon further reflection justified or condemned.
The revolutionary movement of  gave him the opportunity of entering upon a violent campaign of democratic agitation, and for his participation in the Dresden insurrection of  he was arrested and condemned to death.
After many wanderings, and after having been condemned to death for heresy at Vienne, whence he was fortunate enough to make his escape, Servetus arrived in August  at Geneva on his way to Naples.
These fallen angels are either described as servants of the Lightbringer (Satan), servants in hell or condemned to walk among the very humans they so despise until the end of the world, forever denied the glory of their creator again.
Condemned without a hearing, she was put to death () by the friends of those whom she had slain, and Cassander is said to have denied her remains the rites of burial.
It was largely through the influence of Ellsworth, who took the principal part in the negotiations, that Napoleon consented to a convention, of the th of September , which secured for citizens of the United States their ships captured by France but not yet condemned as prizes, provided for freedom of commerce between the two nations, stipulated that "free ships shall give a freedom to goods," and contained provisions favourable to neutral commerce.
These proved his knowledge of the ancient philosophy he so fiercely condemned, and showed that no ignorance of the fathers caused him to seek inspiration from the Bible alone.
Next year there is mention more than once of a royal palace here, and the early importance of the place is indicated by the fact that in this year it was chosen as the seat of the ecclesiastical council by which image-worship was condemned.
But when the development of the Revolution caused a general reaction, he adhered stoutly to his opinion that the Revolution was essentially just and ought not to be condemned for its errors or even for its crimes.
As a natural consequence he was the steady opponent of Pitt's foreign policy, which he condemned as a species of crusade against freedom in the interest of despotism.
He surrendered, and his defence appears to have been injudiciously conducted; at any rate he was fined  marks, and condemned to be pilloried three times, to be imprisoned indefinitely, and to find sureties for his good behaviour during seven years.
But Amy, scarcely by her own fault, is drawn into certain breaches of definite moral laws which Defoe did understand, and she is therefore condemned, with hardly a word of pity, to a miserable end.
Origen indulged in many speculations which were afterwards condemned, but, as these matters were still open questions in his day, he was not reckoned a heretic. (iii.) In accordance with the New Testament use of the term heresy, it is assumed that moral defect accompanies the intellectual error, that the false view is held pertinaciously, in spite of warning, remonstrance and rebuke; aggressively to win over others, and so factiously, to cause division in the church, a breach in its unity.
The Synod of Dort () not only condemned Arminianism, but its defenders were expelled from the Netherlands; only in  did they venture to return, and not till  were they allowed to erect schools and churches.
To the beginning of the th century the popular superstitions regarding sorcery, witchcraft and compacts with the devil were condemned by the ecclesiastical authorities as heathenish, sinful and heretical.
The Epistola Pilati gives Pilate's supposed account to Tiberius of the Resurrection; and the Paradosis Pilati relates how Tiberius condemned him and his wife Procla or Procula, both Christian converts.
On the other hand the Mors Pilati tells how when condemned by the emperor he committed suicide; and his body, thrown first into the Tiber and then the Rhone, disturbed both waters, and was driven north into " Losania," where it was plunged in the gulf near Lucerne and below Mt Pilatus (originally no doubt Pileatus or cloud-capped), from whence it is raised every Good Friday to sit and wash unavailing hands.
This delay in sending help to Corcyra was rightly or wrongly condemned by the Athenians, who dismissed Timotheus in favour of Iphicrates.
After the fall of Napoleon he took part in Wurttemberg politics, was expelled from Stuttgart and Heidelberg, and soon afterwards arrested at Frankfurt, delivered over to the Prussian authorities and condemned to fourteen years' fortress imprisonment for his alleged publication of state secrets in his memoirs.
The king, so long as Wollner was content to condone his immorality (which Bischoffswerder, to do him justice, condemned), was eager to help the orthodox crusade.
The early church condemned specularii (mirror-gazers), and Aubrey and the Memoirs of Saint-Simon contain "scrying" anecdotes of the th and th centuries, while Sir Walter Scott's story, My Aunt Margaret's Mirror, is based on a tradition of about  in a noble Scottish family.
While it is true that the Church has never condemned individuals, and that the warnings refer only to those who have received the faith, and do not touch the question of the unbaptized, there is a growing feeling that they go beyond the teaching of Holy Scripture on the responsibility of intellect in matters of faith.'
Hardy that the "double aspect of Trajan's rescript, which, while it theoretically condemned the Christians, practically gave them a certain security," explains "the different views which have since been taken of it; but by most of the church writers, and perhaps on the whole with justice, it has been regarded as favourable and as rather discouraging persecution than legalizing it" (Pliny's Correspondence with Trajan, , -).
Political trials were held, Guerrazzi and many others being condemned to long terms of imprisonment, and although in  the Austrian troops left Tuscany, Leopold's popularity was gone.
Charles now sought to increase his authority in Italy, where Frankish counts were set over various districts, and where Hildebrand, duke of Spoleto, appears to have recognized his overlordship. In  he was again in the peninsula, and at Mantua issued an important capitulary which increased the authority of the Lombard bishops, relieved freemen who under stress of famine had sold themselves into servitude, and condemned abuses of the system of vassalage.
It was on his initiative that this synod condemned the heresy of adoptianism and the worship of images, which had been restored in  by the second council of Nicaea; and at the same time that council was declared to have been superfluous.
The former cathedral church was mainly built -, but was later gothicized; near the west end of the nave a plate in the floor marks the spot where Huss stood when condemned to death, while in the midst of the choir is the brass which covered the grave of Robert Hallam, bishop of Salisbury, who died here in , during the council.
Robespierre had him accused with the Hebertists; he was arrested, imprisoned in the Luxembourg, condemned by the Revolutionary tribunal and executed on the th of April .
He was tried by the Revolutionary Tribunal on the th of October , condemned to death and guillotined on the st of the month, displaying on the scaffold a stoic fortitude.
The petition was refused and was condemned as scandalous, and Franklin, who took upon himself the responsibility for the publication of the letters, in the hearing before the privy council at the Cockpit on the th of January   was insulted and was called a thief by Alexander Wedderburn (the solicitor-general, who appeared for Hutchinson and Oliver), and was removed from his position as head of the post office in the American colonies.
Luther's works found a good many readers in France, but were condemned () by both the Sorbonne and the parlement of Paris.
They remained severely orthodox in the doctrines of the Fathers - the Trinity, the Incarnation, the plenary inspiration of the Bible - and they condemned those who rejected their teachings to a hell whose fires they were not tempted to extenuate.
In  he was again brought to Constantinople and was condemned by a synod to be scourged, to have his tongue cut out by the root, and to have his right hand chopped off.
What he finds it necessary to condemn even in milder terms as bad doctrine is infallibily condemned; that is certain, Roman Catholic theologians tell us, though not yet de fide.
He studied at the universities of Bonn and Berlin till , was then accused of participation in the students' societies, which the government was endeavouring to suppress, and was condemned to six years' imprisonment, afterwards reduced to six months.
When this discontent took any independent form of expression, zeal, which was not always accompanied by discretion, brought the movement into collision with the ecclesiastical authorities, by whom it was condemned as heretical.
Thus a reforming movement became heresy through disobedience to authority, and after being condemned embarked on a course of polemical investigation how to justify its own position.
A case was preferred against him in the Star Chamber of revealing state secrets, to which was added in  a charge of subornation of perjury, of which he had undoubtedly been guilty and for which he was condemned in  to pay a fine of io,, to be deprived of the temporalities of all his benefices, and to be imprisoned during the king's pleasure.
In  he was again condemned by the Star Chamber for libelling Laud, a further heavy fine being imposed for this offence.
When the boy was ten years old his father got entangled in a dispute with a fellow-citizen, and being condemned to a short term of imprisonment abandoned Geneva and took refuge at Lyons.
This was at once an attack on Voltaire, who was giving theatrical representations at Les Delices, on D'Alembert, who had condemned the prejudice against the stage in the Encyclopedic, and on one of the favourite amusements of the society of the day.
On June r , , Emile was condemned by the parlement of Paris, and two days previously Madame de Luxembourg and the prince de Conti gave the author information that he would be arrested if he did not fly.
As an official and a man of non-Russian extraction he had to be extremely reticent, but to his intimate friends he condemned severely the ignorance and light-hearted recklessness of those around him.
It hardly finds a place in the British civil system, and was condemned for hospitals in Germany, where it is at its best, by so eminent an authority as Professor Virchow.
Dale's Atonement (), the special point of which is that the death of Christ is not required by the personal demand of God to be propitiated, but by the necessity of honouring an ideal law of righteousness; thus, " the death of Christ is the objective ground on which the sins of men are remitted, because it was an act of submission to the righteous authority of the law by which the human race was condemned.
The prefect Sempronius wished her to marry his son, and on her refusal condemned her to be outraged before her execution, but her honour was miraculously preserved.
Much opposition, however, was encountered, and the movement was condemned by the council of Orange in  and the council of Epaone in .
The two towns also, by the decision given as arbitrators at Payerne (th December ), upheld their alliance with Geneva, condemned the duke to pay all the expenses of the war, and confirmed the clause as to their right to occupy Vaud; they also surrounding the exercise of the powers of vidomne by the duke with so many restrictions that in  the duke, after much resistance, formally agreed to recognize the alliance of Geneva with the two towns and not to annoy the Genevese any more.
Thus, though still standing condemned as unfit for any military employment, he exercised a powerful and unfortunate influence on the military affairs of the nation.
Albert then declared she was his lawful wife; and subsequently, during his absence, she was seized by order of Duke Ernest and condemned to death for witchcraft.
Rescued with difficulty, he escaped with a false passport to Belgium, and thence to London; in his absence he was condemned by the special tribunal established at Bourges, in contumaciam, to deportation.
He was attacked by Flacius and Amsdorf, and after a long controversy, full of ambiguities and lacking in the exhibition of guiding principles, he was condemned because his statement savoured of Pelagianism.
The accuser, who was condemned to death in the reign of Vespasian for his conduct on this occasion, is a standing example of ingratitude and treachery.
Lecturing on Isaiah he condemned current ecclesiastical abuses, and in a public disputation (loth of August ) was so successful that Erasmus writing to Zurich said "Oecolampadius has the upper hand amongst us."
In  he was summoned before a newly erected tribunal and condemned to death for gross neglect of duty, though not one of the frivolous charges brought against him could be substantiated.
Manlius Torquatus accused the consuls-elect for the following year of bribery in connexion with the elections; they were condemned, and Cotta and Torquatus chosen in their places.
For two months he evaded his pursuers, but at length, hungry and ill, he went in disguise to the village of Baronissi, where he was recognized and arrested, tried by an extraordinary tribunal, condemned to death and shot.
At the time of the "Great Awakening" of - and afterwards, Chauncy was the leader of the so-called "Old Light" party in New England, which strongly condemned the Whitefieldian revival as an outbreak of emotional extravagance.
A suit on the complaint of a neighbouring clergyman ensued and after various complications Denison was condemned by the archbishops' court at Bath (); but on appeal the court of Arches and the privy council quashed this judgment on a technical plea.
Here his vicious practices became notorious, and in  he was condemned to death at Aix for an unnatural offence, and for poisoning.
He conducted the trial with marked partiality and malevolence, condemned the maid to imprisonment for life, and then, under pressure from the populace and the English, had recourse to fresh perfidies, declared Joan a relapsed heretic, excommunicated her, and handed her over to the secular arm on the th of May .
Gandhi's policy of noncooperation was, however, severely condemned by him as perverted nationalism, " which was making of India a prison," in a letter addressed to the principal of his school at Bolpur in June .
It was therefore not the quantity or quality of the food eaten that constituted the meal a Lord's Supper; nor even the circumstances that they ate it " in church," as was assumed by those guilty of the practices here condemned; but only the pervading sense of brotherhood and love.
And they say that Ormuzd and Ahriman are brothers, and in consequence of this saying they shall come to annihilation."In the same fragment the Christians are condemned as worshippers of idols, unless indeed the writer has genuine pagans in view.
He now fled to Russia, where he was interned at Kaluga, while at home he was condemned to confiscation and death as a traitor, and his unjustly accused mistress Magdalena Rudenschold was publicly whipped to gratify an old grudge of the regent's.
They were condemned by the district judge on the express ground that they had been sealing within the limits of Alaska territory.
One of these, a young man named Thomas Scott, having treated Riel with defiance, was court-martialled for treason to the provisional government, condemned, and on the th of March , shot in cold blood under the walls of Fort Garry.
While at Montreal he had joined the Institut Canadien, a literary and scientific society which, owing to its liberal discussions and the fact that certain books upon its shelves were on the Index expurgatorius, was finally condemned by the Roman Catholic authorities.
In  he took part in the republican rising in the Palatinate and Baden; on the restoration of order he was condemned to death, but he had escaped to Switzerland.
In   the king succumbed, Alvaro was arrested, tried and condemned by a process which was a mere parody of justice, and executed at Valladolid on the nd of June .
The murder of Arthur () ruined his cause in Normandy and Anjou; the story that the court of the peers of France condemned him for the murder is a fable, but no legal process was needed to convince men of his guilt.
At a meeting of the statesgeneral held at Orleans in the December following, the prince of Conde, after being arrested, was condemned to death, and extreme measures were being enacted against the Huguenots; but the deliberations of the Assembly were broken off, and the prince was saved from execution, by the king's somewhat sudden death, on the th of the month, from an abscess in the ear.
He fought in the war of independence, was a prominent member of the advanced Liberal party from  to , and in the latter year was condemned to death.
For some years he was busy travelling in the Levant in the interests of his order, but a perusal of Calvin's Institutes revived his heretical tendencies, and he was condemned to be burnt.
It contains a vindication of the study of Greek, and of the desirability of printing the text of the Greek Testament - views which at that date required an enlightened understanding to enter into, and which were condemned by the party to which More afterwards attached himself.
During the religious struggles between the East and West he was on a few occasions condemned (by the Eastern council of Sardica, by Dioscorus, by Photius); but the sentences were not carried out, and were even, as in the case of Dioscorus, considered and punished as sacrilegious attacks.
He led the movement for a reform of the Empire and the opposition to the papal encroachments, supporting the theory of church government enunciated at Constance and Basel and condemned in Pius II.'s bull Execrabilis.
It was not till the th of June  that his new theology was condemned by the bull Exsurge, and Luther himself threatened with excommunication - a penalty which was only enforced owing to his refusal to submit, on the rd of January .
But they also penetrate to waters which may be termed inland, as the Bosporus, where they are known to the French-speaking part of the population as rimes damnees, it being held by the Turks that they are animated by condemned human souls.
The socalled enterprising methods of some German traders are, however, condemned by many experienced English traders, and it is said that in China, for instance, the seeming successes of the newcomers are delusive.
By way of expiation for their crime the Danaides were condemned to the endless task of filling with water a vessel which had no bottom.
Here they were placed under the authority of a prior, and were condemned to severe manual labour, fulfilling the duties usually executed by the lay brothers, who acted as farmservants.
Chalcedon was repudiated afresh, union with the Jacobites instituted, use of water and leaven in the Eucharist condemned, the five days' preliminary fast before Lent restored, Saturday as well as Sunday made a day of feasting and synaxis, any but the orthodox excluded from the Maundy Thursday Communion, the first communion of the new catechumens; union of the Baptismal and Christmas feasts was restored, and the faithful forbidden to fast on Fridays from Easter until Pentecost.
To save himself from the penalties of high treason, Patkul fled from Stockholm to Switzerland, and was condemned in contumaciam to lose his right hand and his head.
A court, largely composed of his antagonists, condemned him to death, but the empress reduced the sentence to lifelong imprisonment in Schliisselburg and confiscation of all his estates.
The grand pensionary, Olden Barneveldt, the leader of the Remonstrant party, Grotius and Hoogerbeets were arrested, brought to trial, and condemned - Olden Barneveldt to death, and Grotius to imprisonment for life and confiscation of his property.
Then came a time of repression and persecution under Iyeyasu, whose second edict in  condemned every foreigner to death, forbade the entry of foreigners and the return of Japanese who had left the islands, and extinguished Christianity by fire and sword.
The parliament was discharged by proclamation issued in the name of Darnley as king; and in the evening of the next day the banished lords, whom it was to have condemned to outlawry, returned to Edinburgh.
They created profound excitement among orthodox theologians, and evoked many replies, in which Lessing was bitterly condemned for having published writings of so dangerous a tendency.
Biren thereupon forced Anne to order an inquiry into Voluinsky's past career, with the result that he was tried before a tribunal of Biren's creatures and condemned to be broken on the wheel and then beheaded.
There were two periods, called the great Adai and little Adai, at which human victims, chiefly prisoners of war or condemned criminals, were immolated.
In Spain, indeed, it became customary to close the churches altogether as a sign of mourning; but this practice was condemned by the council of Toledo ().
Hence the attempt of the political bishops to get Wycliffe condemned as a heretic became inextricably mixed with the attempt of the constitutional party, to which the bishops belonged, to evict the duke from his position of first councillor to the king and director of the policy of the realm.
The sympathies of the Whigs, and especially of the Whig prime minister, Lord John Russell, were with the people; and Lord John displayed his dislike to the Romanizing tendencies of the Tractarians by appointing Renn Dickson Hampdenwhose views had been formally condemned by the Hebdomadal Board at Oxfordto the bishopric of Hereford.
But the abstainers condemned the bill as inadequate; the publicans denounced it as oppressive; and the whole strength of the licensed victuallers was thenceforward arrayed against the ministry.
His defence was that he had only obeyed the orders of the Committee of Public Safety; but, after a trial which lasted forty-one days, he was condemned to death, and guillotined on the th of May .
Fox still held to his old opinions as stoutly as he could, and condemned and opposed the war which England had declared against the French republic. Burke, who was profoundly incapable of the meanness of letting personal estrangement blind his eyes to what was best for the commonwealth, kept hoping against hope that each new trait of excess in France would at length bring the great Whig leader to a better mind.
He was nevertheless condemned () both by Pope Siricius at a synod in Rome, and by Ambrose at another in Milan.
After Caesar's assassination he attached himself to Brutus and Cassius, and in  was condemned by the lex Pedia as having been implicated in the plot.
In  a crown commission was issued for the trial of certain miserable creatures, some of whom were condemned to be burnt.
Gobel was condemned to death, with Chaumette, Hebert and Anacharsis Cloots, and was guillotined on the th of April .
He seems, in addition, to have compromised his position with the grandducal family by the imprudent candour with which he condemned a machine for clearing the port of Leghorn, invented by Giovanni de' Medici, an illegitimate son of Cosmo I.
Padre Caccini's denunciation of the new astronomy was indeed disavowed and strongly condemned by his superiors; nevertheless, on the th of February , another Dominican monk named Lorini laid Galileo's letter to Castelli before the Inquisition.
Two days later Galileo was, by command of the pope (Paul V.), summoned to the palace of Cardinal Bellarmin, and there officially admonished not thenceforward to "hold, teach or defend" the condemned doctrine.
To Cardinal Hohenzollern, Urban was reported to have said that the theory of the earth's motion had not been and could not be condemned as heretical, but only as rash; and in  the brilliant Dominican monk Tommaso Campanella wrote to Galileo that the pope had expressed to him in conversation his disapproval of the prohibitory decree.
He was condemned, as "vehemently suspected of heresy," to incarceration at the pleasure of the tribunal, and by way of penance was enjoined to recite once a week for three years the seven penitential psalms. This sentence was signed by seven cardinals, but did not receive the customary papal ratification.
The immediate effect of his suspension was the sale of ,  copies of the condemned sermon; its permanent effect was to make Pusey for the next quarter of a century the most influential person in the Anglican Church, for it was one of the causes which led Newman to sever himself from that communion.
General Marina and several other officers were condemned to death by court martial, but Queen Christina commuted the sentence into penal servitude, and the ministers of war and marine retired from the cabinet in consequence.
Indeed, in his zeal against the Jansenists the pope condemned various practices in no way peculiar to their party; thus, for instance, many orthodox Catholics were exasperated at the heavy blow he dealt at popular Bible reading.
The rising was crushed, and a number of the leaders were condemned to death or long terms of imprisonment, but most of them escaped.
At Milan there was only the vaguest attempt at conspiracy; but Silvio Pellico, Maroncelli and Count Confalonieri were implicated as having invited the Piedmontese to invade Lombardy, and were condemned to pass many years in the dungeons of the Spielberg.
But John was anxious that this council should be held in Rome, a city where he alone was master; the few prelates and ambassadors who very slowly gathered there held only a small number of sessions, in which John again condemned the writings of Wycliffe.
However irregular this sentence may have been from the canonical point of view (for the accusers do not seem to have actually proved the crime of heresy, which was necessary, according to most scholars of the period, to justify the deposition of a sovereign pontiff), the condemned pope was not long in confirming it.
The leader was condemned to death in the emir's court and executed in the market place of Sokoto, and the incident was chiefly interesting for the display of loyalty to the British administration which it evoked on all sides from the native rulers.
The latter had engaged the enemy against the orders of Cursor, by whom he was condemned to death, and only the intercession of his father, the senate and the people, saved his life.
The iconoclasts proper, who not only condemned image worship in the sense just explained but rejected all religious art whatever.
Luther had no sympathy with the iconoclastic outbreaks which then occurred; he classed images in themselves as among the "adiaphora," and condemned only their cultus; so also the "Confessio Tetrapolitana" leaves Christians free to have them or not, if only due regard be had to what is expedient and edifying.
The Sorbonne condemned the book, the priests persuaded the court that it was full of the most dangerous doctrines, and the author, terrified at the storm he had raised, wrote three separate retractations; yet, in spite of his protestations of orthodoxy, he had to give up his office at the court, and the book was publicly burned by the hangman.
They condemned marriage (save, perhaps, first marriages), the eating of meat, baptism of children, veneration of saints, fasting, prayers for the dead and belief in purgatory, denied transubstantiation, declared the Catholic priesthood worthless, and considered the whole church of their time corrupted by the "negotia saecularia" which absorbed all  One result is their inability to form a true theory of Judaism and of the Old Testament in relation to the Gospel, a matter of great moment for them and for their successors.
The heretics of whom Heribert speaks condemned riches, denied the value of the sacraments and of good works, ate no meat, drank no wine and rejected the veneration of images.
As early as  Gregory IX., in his bull Quoniam abundavit iniquitas, condemned and denounced as forgers (tanquam falsarios) all who begged or preached in a habit resembling that of the mendicant orders, and this condemnation was repeated by him or his successors.
Condemned to death, but reprieved through the intervention of the British minister, he remained a prisoner at Naples and at Favignana until , when he joined Garibaldi at Palermo.
Found guilty and condemned to death, he refused to ask for pardon and was executed in Paris on the th of June , along with eleven of his companions.
Polybius was arrested with  of the principal Achaeans, but, while his companions were condemned to a tedious incarceration in the country towns of Italy, he obtained permission to reside in Rome.
He strongly urged the repeal of the penal laws which pressed upon the Catholics; he condemned the restrictions imposed by Great Britain on the commerce of Ireland, and also the perpetual interference of the Irish parliament with industry by prohibitions and bounties.
He strongly condemned the metayer system, then widely prevalent in France, as "perpetuating poverty and excluding instruction" - as, in fact, the ruin of the country.
In process of time it became one of the most hated and most grossly unequal taxes in the country, but, though condemned by all supporters of reform, it was not abolished until .
When the popular Nestorianism of the Syrians was condemned at Ephesus () it began to gravitate eastwards, Nisibis becoming its eventual headquarters; but Edessa and the western Syrians refused to bow to the Council of Chalcedon (r) when it condemned Monophysitism.
Several were discovered and put to death at Toulouse in ; and the synod of Charroux (dep. of Vienne) in , and that of Toulouse in , condemned the growing sect.
She travelled throughout France, preaching revolution, and in  she led a Paris mob which pillaged a baker's shop. For this she was condemned to six years' imprisonment, but was released in , at the same time as Prince Kropotkin and other prominent anarchists.
It hurt more than glimpsing the one scene the book recorded of her interaction with Gabriel, their first night on the beach, the one that condemned her eventually to Hell.
It was the same sequence Deidre went through before making the private deal with the demon lord, the one that resulted in her reincarnation and condemned human-Deidre to become the mate of the Dark One.
Edith at first looked shocked, but almost at once, her face melted to a resigned lookâ€”a condemned maiden mounting the guillotine steps, Joan of Arc as the match ignited her pyre.
For now into this prison strong, In fetters I do lie, Confined into a dungeon dark, By men condemned to die.
The reality is that they are condemned to a lifetime of poverty overshadowed by an inescapable burden of unpayable debt.
French officials have condemned the desecration but dismissed it as a one-off incident, probably the responsibility of the far right.
The practice of 'trick or treat ' uses extortion and blackmail to prevent vandalism and is condemned as criminal the rest of the year.
Condemned Wimbledon were put to the sword at Upton Park with Matthew Etherington getting a hat trick in a  -  win.
Other asbestos widows condemned government inaction, saying that if action had been taken sooner their husbands would not have died.
I visited the condemned malefactors in Newgate, and was locked in by the turnkey, not with them, but in the yard.
Parnell publicly condemned the murders and rode out the storm of public indignation to push for a policy of Home Rule for Ireland.
There was an inhuman silence in the room, like that sea of inhuman silence round the dock of the condemned murderer.
Jean Paul Sartre, the famous French existentialist philosopher, went as far as saying that we are ' condemned to be free ' .
Rafters restaurant, upstairs, is home to the door from the condemned cell that one formed part of Edinburgh's old tolbooth.
A SHERIFF has condemned social workers who removed a newborn baby from her mother only minutes after the child's umbilical cord was cut.
County Down Grand Orange Lodge at its Meeting on Saturday condemned the removal of two security watchtowers in South Armagh.
A papal bull of the th of June , which condemned forty-one propositions extracted from Luther's teachings, was taken to Germany by Eck in his capacity of apostolic nuncio, published by him and the legates Alexander and Caracciola, and burned by Luther on the th of December at Wittenberg.
He was bigoted, bloodthirsty and relentless, though one Turkish historian praises his humanity for having forbidden the cutting up alive of condemned persons, or the roasting of them before a slow fire; and at one time he was with difficulty dissuaded from ordering the complete extirpation of all the Christians in Turkey.
There are (I) the maison darrlt, temporary places of durance in every arrondissement for persons charged with offences, and those sentenced to more than a years imprisonment who are awaiting transfer to a maison centrale; () the maison de justice, often part and parcel of the former, but only existing in the assize court towns for the safe custody of those tried or condemned at the assizes; () departmental prisons, or inaisons de correction, for summary convictions, or those sentenced to less than a year, or, if provided with sufficient cells, those amenable to separate confinement; () maisons centrales and pnitenciers agricoles, for all sentenced to imprisonment for more than a year, or to hard labor, or to those condemned to travaux forces for offences committed in prison.
On the fall of Demetrius Phalereus and the restoration of the democracy by Demetrius Poliorcetes, Dinarchus was condemned to death and withdrew into exile at Chalcis in Euboea.
The writers of the next century generally condemned him as a mixture of knave, fanatic and hypocrite, and in  John Forster endorsed Landor's verdict that Cromwell lived a hypocrite and died a traitor.
Pellico and Maron.celli were immured in the Spielberg; Confalonieri and two dozen others were condemned to death, their sentences being, however, commuted to imprisonment in that same terrible fortress.
On the other hand, the attitude of the Vatican towards Liberalism within the Church was one of uncompromising reaction, and under the new pope the doctrines of Christian Democracy and Modernism were condemned in no uncertain tone.
When serious proof existed against one who denied his crime, he could be submitted to the question by torture; and if under torture he avowed his fault and confirmed his guilt by subsequent confession he was punished as one convicted; but should he retract he was again to be submitted to the tortures or condemned to extraordinary punishment.
After the defeat of the Armada he had been condemned to death on a charge of high treason, founded on the tale drawn by torture from a priest, that Arundel had urged him to say a mass for the success of the Spaniards.
The university of Paris was so impressed by his arguments, that in  it formally condemned the Thomist doctrine, and a century afterwards required all who received the doctor's degree to bind themselves by an oath to defend the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception.
As no voice was raised in his defence and the decision of the ecclesiastical council which condemned him was universally accepted without protest, we must conclude that the conflict was not really between Church and State but simply between the haughty, ambitious Patriarch Nikon and the devout, long-suffering Tsar Alexius.
In short, the various forms of local self-government, which were intended to raise the nation gradually to the higher political level of western Europe, were condemned as unsuited to the national character and traditions, and as productive of disorder and demoralization.
In the following year he so stubbornly resisted Ireton's attack on Limerick that he was excepted from the benefit of the capitulation, and, after being condemned to death and reprieved, was sent as a prisoner to the Tower of London.
He escaped the vengeance of the Versailles government, crossed the frontier in safety, and, though he had been condemned to death in his absence in , the general amnesty of July  permitted his return to Paris.
The famous story of Herodotus, that the conqueror condemned Croesus to the stake, from which he was saved by the intervention of the gods, is quite inconsistent with the Persian religion (see CRoEsus).
Although the dominant position of Lysander had been broken in  by King Pausanias, the Spartan government gave him all the support which was possible without going into open war against the king; it caused a partisan of Lysander, Clearchus, condemned to death on account of atrocious crimes which he had committed as governor of Byzantium, to gather an army of mercenaries on the Thracian Chersonesus, and in Thessaly Menon of Pharsalus, head of a party which was connected with Sparta, collected another army.
During the famine of - he enforced on landowners "the obligation of relieving the poor" and especially the metayers dependent upon them, and organized in every province ateliers and bureaux de charite for providing work for the able-bodied and relief for the infirm, while at the same time he condemned indiscriminate charity.
The use of the historical method has, in fact, raised more reputations than it has destroyed, because by keeping carefully in view the conditions in which economic works have been written, it has shown that many theories hastily condemned as unsound by a priori critics had much to be said for them atthe time when they were propounded.
All that he had done for her in the days of the Consulate was remembered; his subsequent proceedings - his tyranny, his shocking waste of human life, his deliberate persistence in war when France and Europe called for a reasonable and lasting peace - all this was forgotten; and the great warrior, who died of cancer on the th of May , was thereafter enshrouded in mists of legend through which his form loomed as that of a Prometheus condemned to a lingering agony for his devotion to the cause of humanity.
The Hindus also regard the dog as unclean, and submit to various purifications if they accidentally come in contact with it, believing that every dog is animated by a wicked and malignant spirit condemned to do penance in that form for crimes committed in a previous state of existence.
Abandoned by a number of his cardinals, condemned by most of the powers, deprived of his dominions by condottieri who shamelessly invoked the authority of the council, the pope made concession after concession, and ended on the th of December   by a pitiable surrender of all the points at issue in a bull, the terms of which were dictated by the fathers of Basel, that is, by declaring his bull of dissolution null and void, and recognizing that the synod had not ceased to be legitimately assembled.
In  he submitted all his writings to the judgment of the Holy See, and unreservedly affirmed his orthodoxy; the Lateran council, which condemned his criticism of Peter Lombard, made no allusion to his eschatological temerities; and the bull of  was a formal certificate of his orthodoxy.
A military commission tried  of the captives for murder and rape, of whom  were found guilty and  were condemned to death.
The proposition Deus non factus est aliquid secundum quod est homo was condemned by a synod of Tours in  and again by the Lateran synod of , but Adoptianism continued all through the middle ages to be a source of theological dispute.
On the th of January  Loisy wrote to Cardinal Merry del Val that he received the condemnation with respect, and condemned whatever might be reprehensible in his books, whilst reserving the rights of his conscience and his opinions as an historian, opinions doubtless imperfect, as no one was more ready to admit than himself, but which were the only form under which he was able to represent to himself the history of the Bible and of religion.
Of the epic poets of the Silver Age P. Papinius Statius (c. -) shows the greatest technical skill and the richest pictorial fancy in the execution of detail; but his epics have no true inspiring motive, and, although the recitation of the Thebaid could attract and charm an audience in the days of Juvenal, it really belongs to the class of poems so unsparingly condemned both by him and Martial.
Being all condemned to the rack in order to extort confession, they appealed to the parlement; but this body, being as weak as the subordinate magistrates, sentenced the father to the torture, ordinary and extraordinary, to be broken alive upon the wheel, and then to be burnt to ashes; which decree was carried into execution on the th of March .
Thus the Calvinism of the th and th centuries elaborated answers to questions, which if no attempt had been made to answer them, would have perplexed earnest souls and condemned the system; but many parts of the system are now obsolete, because the conditions which suggested the questions which they sought to answer no longer exist or have no longer any interest or importance."
It was owing to this important position that the see city of the diocese was selected as the scene of the great reforming council, - (see below), which deposed all three rival popes, elected a new one, Martin V., and condemned to death by fire John Huss (th of July ) and Jerome of Prague (rd of May ).
His operas, for all their daintiness and melody, no longer hold the stage; the Masses in which he praised God with a cheerful heart " have been condemned by the severer decorum of our own day; of his oratorios the Creation alone survives.
In  he was implicated in the revolutionary movement organized by Ciro Menotti (see Francis Iv., of Modena), and was condemned to death and hanged in effigy, but escaped to France, where he was given an appointment in the French corps of engineers.
He was at last brought to trial (January /) before the court in which Bishop Gardiner sat as chief, and, refusing to retract his principles, was condemned as a heretic and burnt, with John Leaf, in Smithfield on the st of July .
The court of the lord high steward seems to have been first definitely instituted in  for the trial of Edward Plantagenet, earl of Warwick; only two years earlier Lord Audley had been condemned by the court of chivalry, a very different and unpopular tribunal.
Taking the Articles of Marburg (see Marburg, Colloquy Of) and of Schwabach as the point of departure, he repudiated all connexion with heretics condemned by the ancient church.
This council, which is known as the Fifth Lateran, assembled on the rd of May , condemned the celebrated pragmatic sanction of the French church, and was still in session when Julius died.
Long disputes and negotiations followed, the end of which was that Justinian summoned a general council of the church, that which we reckon the Fifth, which condemned the impugned writings, and anathematized several other heretical authors.
Without entering into any examination of the charges brought before them, the synod condemned him on the ground of contumacy, and, hinting that his audacity merited the punishment of treason, called on the emperor to ratify and enforce their decision.
Ali, however, had first to deal with the insurrection of the Kharijites, who condemned the arbitration which followed the battle of Siffin as a deed of infidelity, and demanded that Ali should break the compact (see above, A.).
No historical use can be made of the artificial story, in Sanhedrin a, that Matthew was condemned to death by a Jewish court (see Laible, Christ in the Talmud,  seq.).
His renown was soon increased by his active interference on behalf of the Swiss of the ChÃ¢teau-Vieux Regiment, condemned to the galleys for mutiny at Nancy.
Denounced a second time, he defended himself by pleading that he had acted for the cause of the Revolution, but was condemned with Bathe and Billaud-Varenne to transportation to'Cayenne (March ), where he died early in .
On the one hand, indeed, orthodoxy and heresy are symbolized to his mind by the wheat and the tares respectively; he clings to the naive opinion of Catholicism, that contemporary orthodoxy has prevailed within the Church from the first; he recognizes the true faith only in the mystery of the Trinity; he judges heretics who have been already condemned as interlopers, as impudent innovators, actuated by bad and self-seeking motives; he apologizes for having so much as treated of Arianism at all in his history of the Church; he believes in the inspiration of the ecclesiastical councils as much as in that of the Scriptures themselves.
Another ritual, fascinating for the glimpse it affords of very old-world thought, is that of the Diipolia, the yearly sacrifice to Zeus Polieus on the Acropolis at Athens. In this an ox was slaughtered with ceremonies unique in Greece; the priest who slew him fled and remained in exile for a period, and the axe that was used was tried, condemned and flung into the sea; the hide of the slain ox was stuffed with hay, and this effigy of the ox was yoked to the plough and feigned to be alive.
These clerks, whose ordination was regarded as invalid by Hincmar and his adherents, were condemned in J at the council of Soissons, and the decisions of that council were confirmed in  by Pope Benedict III.
C. Buell, and of the court which in  tried and condemned Henry Wirz, commander of the Confederate prison at Andersonville, Ga.
No one was safe from these zealous and too often credulous defenders of the established order; and a few indiscreet words spoken in a coffee house were enough to bring imprisonment and ruin, as in the case of John Frost, a respectable attorney, condemned for sedition in March .
Napoleon did not notice that in regard to his army he was playing the part of a doctor who hinders by his medicines--a role he so justly understood and condemned.
Scots Tory MEP Struan Stevenson today condemned the European Court of Justice 's ruling on the legality of the Food Supplements Directive.
Rafters restaurant, upstairs, is home to the door from the condemned cell that one formed part of Edinburgh 's old Tolbooth.
A SHERIFF has condemned social workers who removed a newborn baby from her mother only minutes after the child 's umbilical cord was cut.
She had us follow her to a rundown looking building a block a way and then go up an elevator that should have been condemned.
Some cultures believe that the canine apparitions were people in life, who were so horrible that they have been condemned to roam the earth as the ghostly hounds in death.
No longer condemned by critics as obscene, it is now featured as part of the most popular shows on TV such as Dancing with the Stars and So You Think You Can Dance.
If your genes have condemned you to chrome-dome status, there's not much you can do about it beyond expensive surgery.
Indeed, these underage workers toil away in the windowless rooms of buildings that would otherwise be condemned in the United States.
They were first seen in America in  and, depending on what stratum you occupied in society, were either embraced or condemned as Parisian.
As guilty as she felt, she wasn't willing to make a deal with him to protect the human she'd condemned.
The beginning of Mendelssohn's F minor quartet is, again, a case usually, but perhaps wrongly, condemned for its orchestral appearance on paper.
In  he caused the investiture of ecclesiastica dignitaries by secular potentates of any degree to be condemned These two reforms, striking at the most cherished privileges ant most deeply-rooted self-indulgences of the aristocratic caste ii Europe, inflamed the bitterest hostility.
The events of - increased the agitation in Romagna, and in  large numbers of persons were condemned to death, imprisonment or exile.
In some cases there was foundation for the laborers claims, but unfortunately the movement got into the hands of professional agitators and common swindlers, and the leader, a certain Giampetruzzi, who at one time seemed to be a worthy colleague of Marcelin Albert, was afterwards tried and condemned for having cheated his own followers.
It laid down the lawfulness and necessity of persecution to the death for heresy in the most absolute terms; and Cranmer himself condemned Joan Bocher to the flames.
If a heretic in the Inquisition asked for absolution, he could receive it, but subject to a life imprisonment; but if his repentance were but feigned he could be at once condemned and handed over to the civil power for execution.
Should the accused, after the testimony against him had been made public, continue to deny the charge, he was to be condemned as impenitent.
During the eighteen years that he was inquisitor-general it is said that he burnt ,  persons, condemned  others to be burnt in effigy, and reconciled ,, thus making an average of some  convictions a year.
But in , when the sovereigns again complained that the inquisitors were, without royal knowledge or consent, disposing of the property of the condemned and thus depriving the public revenues of considerable sums, Alexander VI.
Here the close and solitary confinement, and the dreary and hopeless inactivity to which he was condemned, proved a terrible punishment for the full-blooded, energetic and masterful Bothwell.
After his release Wakefield seemed disposed for a while to turn his attention to social questions at home, and produced a tract on the Punishment of Death, with a terribly graphic picture of the condemned sermon in Newgate, and another on incendiarism in the rural districts, with an equally powerful exhibition of the degraded condition of the agricultural labourer.
For a certain class of citizens to be condemned, by virtue of their birth, to political disfranchisement is as flatly against every principle of democracy as for a certain class of citizens to enjoy exclusive rights by reason of birth.
Finally, a band of loo marched from Basel to Avignon to the court of Pope Clement VI., who, in spite of the sympathy shown them by several of his cardinals, condemned the sect as constituting a menace to the priesthood.
The complicated plot is constructed with greater skill than is usual with this dramatist, and the pathos of particular situations, and of the entire character of Penthea - a woman doomed to hopeless misery, but capable of seeking to obtain for her brother a happiness which his cruelty has condemned her to forego - has an intensity and a depth which are all Ford's own.
This pastoral was subsequently in  annexed to the resolutions passed by the reforming synod of Pistoia, and was condemned with eighty-four other propositions by papal bull in .
This meeting of Christians we admit deserves to be made illicit, if it resembles illicit acts; it deserves to be condemned, if any complain of it on the same score on which complaints are levelled at factious meetings.
The liberty with which he there treated the doctrines of the Fathers aroused ecclesiastical prejudice, and the archbishop of Paris condemned the work.
On the th Sir Francis Weston, Henry Norris, William Brereton and Mark Smeaton were declared guilty of high treason, while Anne herself and Lord Rochford were condemned unanimously by an assembly of twenty-six peers on the th.
He executed the first book in French; it was read (in ), as an anonymous production, before a literary society of foreigners in London, and condemned.
During the disastrous plague of - Clement did all he could to alleviate the distress, and condemned the Flagellants and Jew-baiters.
In Israel as in Judah the political disasters not only meant a shifting of population, they also brought into prominence the old popular and non-official religion, the character of which is not to be condemned because of the attitude of lofty prophets in advance of their age.
Complaint was made to Hyrcanus that Herod had violated the law which prohibited the execution of even an evil man, unless he had been first condemned to death by the Sanhedrin.
Francis being in captivity after the battle of Pavia (February , ), Faber was condemned and his works suppressed by commission of the parlement; these measures were quashed on the return of Francis some months later.
Amalric's teaching was condemned by the Church, and his heresies led to the public burning of Erigena's De divisione naturae in .
In  he was again arrested, was brought to trial in the following year and was condemned to twelve years' imprisonment.
Accordingly, David is not to be condemned for failing to subdue the sensuality which is the chief stain on his character, but should rather be judged by his habitual recognition of a generous standard of conduct, by the undoubted purity and lofty justice of an administration which was never stained by selfish considerations or motives of personal rancour,  and finally by the calm  See Hebrew Religion, Messiah, Prophet.
His jealousy was provoked by the successes of Agricola in Britain, who was recalled to Rome () in the midst of his conquests, condemned to retirement, and perhaps removed by poison.
Accused of assisting the king's flight, of supplying emigres with funds, and of encouraging the resistance of the royal troops on the th of August , she was condemned to death, and executed on the th of May .
Lucile, Desmoulins's accomplished and affectionate wife, was, a few days after her husband, and on a false charge, condemned to the guillotine.
This burlesquing of things universally held sacred, though condemned by serious-minded theologians, conveyed to the child-like popular mind of the middle ages no suggestion of contempt, though when belief in the doctrines and rites of the medieval Church was shaken it became a ready instrument in the hands of those who sought to destroy them.
The synod of Reims in  procured papal sanction for four propositions opposed to certain of Gilbert's tenets, and his works were condemned until they should be corrected in accordance with the principles of the church.
The toleration edicts of Galerius and of Constantine and Licinius were published during his pontificate, which was also marked by the holding of the Lateran synod in Rome () at which Caecilianus, bishop of Carthage, was acquitted of the charges brought against him and Donatus condemned.
In  his books were condemned by Jerome de Ascoli, general of the Franciscans, afterwards Pope Nicholas IV., and he himself was thrown into prison for fourteen years.
It is an extraordinary fact that, if ostracism was introduced in  B.C. for the purpose of expelling Hipparchus it was not till twenty years later that he was condemned.
He was, however, obliged to surrender and was carried a prisoner before the sultan, who condemned him to a cruel death.
We owe to his pen curious remarks on English and Swiss customs, valuable notes on the remains of antique art in Rome, and a singularly striking portrait of Jerome of Prague as he appeared before the judges who condemned him to the stake.
Berengar's belief was not shaken by their arguments and exhortations, and hearing that Lanfranc, the most celebrated theologian of that age, strongly approved the doctrine of Paschasius and condemned that of " Scotus " (really Ratramnus), he wrote to him a letter expressing his surprise and urging him to reconsider the question.
Because of it Berengar was condemned as a heretic without being heard, by a synod at Rome and another at Vercelli, both held in .
John the Baptist condemned his marriage with Herodias, and in consequence was put to death in the way described in the gospels and in Josephus.
He was honoured as a hero, and his memory was held in such respect that when all the brazen statues of tyrants were condemned to be sold in the time of Timoleon ( years later) an exemption was made in favour of the statue of Gelo.
Our knowledge of Lanfranc's polemics is chiefly derived from the tract De cor pore et sanguine Domini which he wrote many years later (after ) when Berengar had been finally condemned.
In his letters to his friend Mathilde Wesendonck, it appears that while he was composing Tristan he already had the inspiration of working out the identification of Kundry, the messenger of the Grail, with the temptress who, under the spell of Klingsor, seduces the knights of the Grail; and he had, moreover, thought out the impressively obscure suggestion that she was Herodias, condemned like the wandering Jew to live till the Saviour's second coming.
By listening to the revelations of the "Holy Maid of Kent," the nun Elizabeth Barton, he was charged with misprision of treason, and was condemned to the loss of his goods and to imprisonment at the king's will, penalties he was allowed to compound by a fine of X (th of March ).
The cardinal was brought to trial at Westminster (th of June ) on the charge that he did "openly declare in English that the king, our sovereign lord, is not supreme head on earth of the Church of England," and was condemned to a traitor's death at Tyburn, a sentence afterwards changed.
The use of salicylic acid as a food preservative, was, however, condemned in the findings of the commission appointed by the government of the United States of America, in .
The Holy Synod decided that the peculiar tenets of Bulatovich and his followers were to be known and condemned as.` the heresy of the Name of God."
It is probable that his fault was one of negligence only; but, distrusting the impartiality of the judges of the Somme, he fled to Paris, and on the rd of August  was condemned in contumaciam to twenty years' imprisonment.
On Prairial  (th of April ) Babeuf and Darthe were condemned to death; some of the prisoners, including Buonarroti, were exiled; the rest, including Vadier and his fellow-conventionals, were acquitted.
Pope Zachary, when in  he condemned the views of Virgilius, the learned bishop of Salzburg, an Irishman who had been denounced as a heretic by St Boniface, declares it to be perversa et iniqua doctrina.
Having been deprived of his sight by the gods for his ill-treatment of his sons by his first wife (or for having revealed the future to mortals), he was condemned to be tormented by two Harpies, who carried off whatever food was placed before him.
White was condemned by the presbytery, and the sect, which ultimately numbered forty-six adherents, was expelled by the magistrates in  and settled in a farm, consisting of one room and a loft, known as New Cample in Dumfriesshire.
In the second and following centuries it was interpolated by Christian scribes, and finally condemned undiscriminatingly along with other apocryphs.
In Ireland he condemned the "Plan of Campaign" in , but he conciliated the Nationalists by appointing Dr Walsh archbishop of Dublin.
Plato condemned the practice, which the theory of Aristotle also by implication sets aside as inadmissible, of Greeks having Greeks for slaves.
Vedius Pollio, in the time of Augustus, was said to have thrown his slaves, condemned sometimes for trivial mistakes or even accidents, to the lampreys in his fishpond.
The proprietors could transport without trial their unruly serfs to Siberia or send them to the mines for life, and those who presented complaints against their masters were punished with the knout and condemned to the mines.
On the th of February  Wishart was brought to trial in the cathedral before the cardinal and other judges, the regent declining to take any active part, and, being found guilty of heresy, was condemned to death and burnt.
The last is perhaps the work which was condemned by the Lateran council in  as containing an erroneous xv.
In  a council held at Arles condemned Joachim's writings and his supporters, who were very numerous in that region.
For this a curse was pronounced upon him, and he was condemned to be a "fugitive and a wanderer" on the earth, a mark being set upon him "lest any finding him should kill him."
The charge of pacifism was often brought against him, and his career generally as Secretary was widely condemned throughout the United States as lacking in energy, foresight and ability, and especially for his failure to prepare adequately in the months immediately preceding the American declaration of war.
On the advice of Acacius, the energetic patriarch of Constantinople, Zeno issued the Henotikon edict (), in which Nestorius and Eutyches were condemned, the twelve chapters of Cyril accepted, and the Chalcedon Definition ignored.
He condemned and deposed Acacius, a proceeding which the latter regarded with contempt, but which involved a breach between the two sees that lasted after Acacius's death (), through the long and troubled reign of Anastasius, and was only healed by Justin I.
Protestants have condemned these formulae as so much magic, and in this modern science tends to agree with them; but to orthodox Protestants at least Catholics have a perfect right to reply that, in taking this line, they are but repeating the accusation brought by the Pharisees against Christ, viz.
On the st of September  the Convention declared royalty abolished, and in January it tried the king for his treason against the nation, and condemned him to death.
The knights and nobles of Bohemia and Moravia, who were in favour of church reform, sent to the council at Constance (September nd, ) a protest, known as the "protestatio Bohemorum" which condemned the execution of Huss in the strongest language.
Another synod was held at Frankfort in , by which the new doctrine was again formally condemned, though neither Felix nor any of his followers appeared.
On the  st of January  Cardinal Richard publicly condemned the book, as not furnished with an imprimatur, and as calculated gravely to trouble the faith of the faithful in the fundamental Catholic dogmas.
The Inquisition, by its decree Lamentabili sane (nd of July ), condemned sixty-five propositions concerning the Church's magisterium; biblical inspiration and interpretation; the synoptic and fourth Gospels; revelation and dogma; Christ's divinity, human knowledge and resurrection; and the historical origin and growth of the Sacraments, the Church and the Creed.
For this reason, probabilism found vigorous opponents in Bossuet and other eminent divines; and various of its excesses were condemned by the popes during the latter half of the th century.
The monte del popolo seized the lion's share of the government; the riformatori were recalled, the aggregati abolished and the noveschi condemned to perpetual banishment from the government and the city.
Bishop Colenso (q.v.), condemned in  on a charge of heresy, ignored the authority of the court of South African bishops and was maintained in his position by decision of the Privy Council in England.
But from a military point of view it was not at all cordially approved by Sir George White, and it was afterwards condemned by Lord Roberts.
Though somewhat obscure they may be found in the ' Subsequently three other natives, after trial by the supreme court, were condemned and executed for their share in the Byrnetown murders.
Against the system of non-difference Abelard has a number of logical and traditional arguments to bring, but it is sufficiently condemned by his fundamental doctrine that only the individual exists in its own right.
In  Occam's treatises were put under a ban by the university of Paris, and in the following year Nominalism was solemnly condemned.
But the remaining  stood firm and were condemned to death, a punishment commuted to slavery in the Neapolitan galleys.
It was replied that Hungary was outside the operation of the treaty of Westphalia, and that the Protestants had been condemned not ex odio religionis but crimine rebellions.
Under Magyar pressure Seidler explicitly condemned all schemes of federalism, and pledged the Government and even the crown itself not to adopt any reforms which did not leave untouched the existing provincial boundaries.
Under these circumstances the narrowing of the band is paid for at a ruinous price, and the arrangement must be condemned altogether.
The commission appointed to try his case condemned him (iith of April ) to death by quartering, but this sentence was commuted by the clemency of the new regent, Anna Leopoldovna, the mother of Ivan VI., to banishment for life at Pelin in Siberia.
A slave of theirs had denounced them to the Holy Office, and though the details of the accusation against them seem trivial and even contradictory, Antonio was condemned to death.
On his return to Rome he was brought to trial for his conduct and condemned, in spite of the efforts of Marcus Scaurus who, though formerly his legate and equally guilty, was one of the judges.
