
Sentences
She felt no motherly bond to the kid huddled beside her in a thick coat despite how adorable he was.
We are offering groups in plush and supple velvets lavishly trimmed in rhinestones, gorgeous silks and laces, elegant two-tone lace and charmeuse, sexy Venice and stretch mesh pieces plus a complete line of adorable Christmas pieces.
Fans will be saddened also by the film inevitably losing much of its source material, like the adorable Dobby the house elf scenes.
Now their goal is to make sure that their already adorable baby looks positively radiant in a special Christmas outfit.
Next to these adorable and trendy boots are a Bakers label pair of boots that are a mirror image of the Baby Phat version, and they are only $..
The fact remains that it's hard to dress your son in one of those adorable tuxedo vests without needing a quality pair of toddler dress shoes.
Within the last decade, Hollywood has been witnessing a baby boom as more and more female celebrities give birth to adorable infants.
Our new slides Amy and Christine, both on a ." demi-wedge, are adorable and so versatile, both with respect to season/weather and the clothing they complement.
If you're looking for something to see you through a rainy day, consider an adorable pair of boots like the Pelican Tall Boot Lug.
And if you want to order shoes from the UK, go to JuJu Jellies, which makes a number of incredibly adorable styles ranging from retro to modern.
Feminine, fashion-forward and simply adorable, the Heart flip flop has a simple half inch heel, printed straps (in either zebra, camouflage or cheetah) and a delicate rhinestone-encrusted heart for a bold touch.
These adorable bootie-style shoes are made with super soft fabric and feature a no-slip rubber sole, so even if you're bounding down the stairs you can be confident you won't slip (but be careful anyway!).
Little leather "ears," crystal "eyes," whiskers and even a tail are the adorable elements that make up the Marc by Marc Jacobs patent leather mouse flats.
With so many adorable bowling shoe styles available, it may be tempting to choose fashion over fit, so be careful not to fall into that trap.
Baby girl sandals, while usually not a necessity for little ones who aren't yet walking, can still complete an infant's outfit in an adorable fashion.
There are many different designs for paw print bracelets that use a variety of silver beads, all with an adorable paw print.
Located in Dallas, Texas, Big Paw Designs delivers top quality, made in the USA, lead-free adorable pet charms, car accessories, and gifts and encourages retail stores to sell Big Paw Design items to support local pet rescues.
While it's quite possible to make adorable handmade greeting cards with only rubber stamps, ink, and paper, many card makers choose to add additional embellishments.
If you crochet, you can make this adorable leprechaun to sit on a shelf or as a special friend for your child.
Sleepwear doesn't have to be skimpy to be sexy - baby doll nighties, with their sweet simplicity, are adorable and appealing.
From sexy mommy camisoles to gauzy, lacy baby doll nighties, you will definitely find something adorable and perfect for you on this website.
The pink,  percent cotton batiste baby doll is sleeveless, ruffled, trimmed with lace and comes with adorable bloomer-style bottoms with non-binding leg openings.
Oscar de la Renta isn't exactly synonymous with teenage fashion, but the designer's adorable Pretty Poppies Chemise will undoubtedly make an impression with its understated, colorful print and easy, flowing shape.
With its wide, flouncy, frilled bottom, the camisole on Betsey Johnson's French knickers set is one of the most adorable choices out there.
There are plenty of simple choices available in silk lingerie, including basic pajama sets, teddies and adorable boxer shorts with matching camisoles.
With consultants all over the map and an adorable website featuring all her products, Ford has met success with her vision, as many women will attest to.
Using an obvious play on words, this adorable line of lotions will moisturize your skin and provide you with a subtly delectable scent throughout the day.
He's one of the most enthusiastic and adorable TV hosts currently on the air, and he is also a truly skilled carpenter.
A heaven of quarrelling divinities cannot inspire a reasonable worship. These gods are not even respectable; how can they be adorable ?
Girly Gingham Brief A very cute halterneck bikini, brief set with an adorable gingham print in pink and white tones.
Cute kittens These adorable kittens were left in a cardboard box on the doorstep of North Walsham & District CP Branch.
Batty Hughes - Batty Two is the new basset puppy and is quite adorable She will jump up and usually has very muddy paws.
McCartney seems so shameless, and there isn't much worse than an old man try to act like a precocious and adorable youth.
McCartney seems so shameless, and there is n't much worse than an old man try to act like a precocious and adorable youth.
Annette and the vinedresser 's wife closed the eyes of the adorable woman, whose beauty shone out in all its radiance after death.
Whether you choose an engraved picture frame the parents will display for years or an adorable piece of clothing with the baby's name on it, parents will appreciate the extra effort it took you to personalize your gift.
Finally, don't be surprised if that adorable outfit that you bought a month ago no longer fits your little one.
There are so many options, and you can have a great time searching through all of the lovely and adorable baby things.
While you can continue to purchase adorable outfits for your baby girl, don't forget that she'll love playing outside, too.
If you can afford it, you might also want to purchase a small swing set or even an adorable playhouse to put in your yard.
Many of these invitations have adorable poems inside that are written in the first person point of view of an older sibling.
Although there are many adorable baby books for sale in discount shops and department stores, you can search for more unique baby books or even create one yourself.
If your baby is born prematurely, you'll discover that all of those adorable outfits you've stocked her room with just won't fit.
Stuffed animals, balls, brush/comb set, bib, rattles, burp cloth, and receiving blankets will look great nestled in an adorable wagon.
Either way, you can decorate a home, banquet room, or community center with adorable decorations, and you don't have to spend a fortune.
While you can always find shower supplies at local stores in your area, you can also order some adorable baby shower decorations online.
If you notice an adorable outfit, blanket, or some other item that appears to be a one-of-a-kind item that's possibly handmade, ask the person where the item came from.
If you're looking for a fun and different idea for decorating your baby's room, a nursery rhyme theme is an adorable idea.
Puppies, bears, Disney characters, balloons, clowns, frogs, turtles, fish, and many other themes will look adorable in any baby's room.
This fun pink bedding has lots of aqua accents and adorable fish and sea creatures in blue, orange, pink, and other colors.
Baby Christmas outfits are adorable in any style, as little ones add a truly special touch to the already magical holiday season.
You just purchased the world's most adorable holiday dress for your six month old, but she screamed the moment you fastened the buttons on it.
Not only will you find adorable seasonal outfits, but you can even order your Christmas cards at the same time.
They are also easy to create, allowing anyone - from the experienced crafter to the beginner - to make an adorable diaper cake.
You know your baby is adorable, but have you ever considered entering him or her in the Gerber Baby Contest?
It is she who is the focus of the adorable picture that is still familiar to st century moms today.
At the Beatrix Potter Shop (located in the UK but fulfilling Web orders online with reasonable international shipping costs), you can find adorable Beatrix Potter curtains.
The nostalgic Care Bear characters are as cute today as they were at their inception in the early s, and small items with these favorite bears make adorable shower favors.
The mother-to-be may have loved care bears as a child, and these favors can be a memorable way for her to pass on her love of these adorable characters to her child.
Adorable and fun, Care Bear favors can add a special touch to a themed baby shower. use your creativity, and there are numerous ways to correlate this nostaligic theme into a favor.
Other themed baskets include a nautical theme that features items decorated with sailboats, anchors, and all things ocean-themed, or try an animal-themed basket with adorable stuffed animals and blankets, t-shirts, books, and more.
If you would rather order a gift basket as opposed to creating your own, there are numerous websites that offer adorable baby gift baskets, many of which you can custom order.
Some of her designs are more basic, but the prints and patterns will be nothing short of adorable and the designs are sleek and intimate.
We've all wandered into a pet store and found our way into the small animal section, only to be surrounded by all those adorable rodents.
Reviewers state that it's easy to clean, convenient because it makes so many muffins at once, holds up well over time, and makes adorable muffins.
Once you have located a breeder, you should visit the facility and ask a lot of questions before you open your heart up to one of these adorable kittens.
A scent perfect for any age and providing the ambiance of just stepping out of the shower, it arrives in a perfectly adorable bottle.
Consider it the instant antidote to a dull, dreary day, a miracle worker when you don't look or feel your best and an adorable piece of eye candy to add a flash of color to your vanity.
Soft and so smooth, the metallic pink material looks adorable sitting atop any vanity and exudes a light gleam under the lights.
Another adorable pose is to have everyone lie down, and then place their heads together in the center of the photograph.
This plane is adorable and if you are in the business where you can use them, you will find it difficult to pass up on these.
Ask him to hang out, (or get some mutual friends to ask him AND you to hang out) and then you can win him over by being your adorable self.
Best of all, you won't be paying for it, so why not just go ahead and check off all of the most adorable items?
While you may think that rooster shaped ceramic clock with mechanical wings is just adorable, your newlywed friends may not agree.
There are adorable soap dishes and toothbrush holders in the shape of palm trees available online and at numerous department stores.
She needed to regroup, "not fall into the arms of the closest available man -- even if he is an adorable teddy bear."
The adorable Olsen twins started their acting careers before they could walk, appearing first in  in the long-running television series Full House.
For about four years now, Orlando Bloom and Kate Bosworth have shared the limelight as an adorable young couple with just a slight commitment problem.
As the adorable youngest child Rudy Huxtable on the s hit series The Cosby Show, this actress stole the hearts of millions of viewers every week.
This includes the grinding at the hem and pockets which provide a rugged look, which little boys look adorable in.
Dam Tam, a UK-based company that makes clothes from organic cotton including a flowery party dress that is adorable as well as comfortable.
The company's adorable rainwear comes in a variety of patterns, though its polka dot raincoats for girls are among their best sellers.
Unless you are looking for genuine vintage clothes - which are available and adorable - you can get your child a good wardrobe at a fraction of the cost you might have anticipated.
One of the fun things about having a little girl of any age is the ability to dress her up in adorable outfits that are sweet and charming to everyone she meets.
Trumpette, one of the leaders of novelty baby and little girl socks, have been made famous partially due to their adorable maryjane socks.
Read on to learn more about this adorable children's fashion brand that continues to make both kids and parents smile year round with their innovative threads.
Their loss is your gain, and you'll often stumble upon name brands and adorable ensembles you never expected to find.
For a beautiful dress coat, but made of a durable fabric, check out the Petite Ami pink corduroy jacket, which is adorable in pastel pink with a full flowing body of a jacket.
We've found an adorable Julius Berger white sweater cape, which can make an excellent jacket in the warmer periods of spring and can dress up any outfit.
For unique pieces that you won't find on everyone, children's boutiques often carry adorable styles that some parents find well worth the price.
From dress clothes for boys to girls' dress coats to styles that are one-of-a-kind, expect to find adorable fashions that are made to showcase children at their cutest.
If you are looking for something a little less formal, consider this adorable black and red tartan dress, which is perfect for Christmas.
Not only are they extremely adorable and comfortable, but at six pairs in a package costing seven dollars, you can't even go wrong with the price.
These come in sizes up to  months, and the package of two pairs of socks costs just over $, making it a reasonably good deal for two adorable pairs of socks.
They weave intelligent humor and humanitarianism into their clothing, giving you a chance to educate your daughter while also purchasing adorable clothes.
For the fantastically frilly, try Maddie's Closet, which carries an adorable selection of play clothes as well as hair bows, hats and even tutus.
For example, if you'd like to spend $, you could purchase a onesie and matching bib or an adorable pair of shoes.
For example, several polo shirts are in the summer collection, but alongside the classic striped polo, you will also find adorable Hawaiian print polos.
Adorable girls' dresses come in feminine prints, not to mention quintessential 'girly' colors like pink, especially combined with brown, as has been the rage in recent years.
At the outlet stores, you will find all of the adorable clothing that Gymboree is famous for, but the price tags are very bargain-friendly.
Of course, items from these adorable outfits can be worn with other items, but for special occasions, the extra amount of coordination from an outfit can dress your child's look up without having to wear lace or a tie.
Stores like Target offer adorable toddler raincoats that can be found both in the children's section and even in the gardening section of the store.
Finally, don't overlook consignment shops and even yard sales, where you may be able to find adorable and stylish raincoats for a fraction of their original cost.
A great way to get tipped off on hot sale items, this site will help you find adorable sundresses at affordable prices.
These costumes are tons of fun and will make your child even more adorable than he or she is on a day-to-day basis.
Several shirts are sleeveless for summer fun, and matching skirt and shirt sets make for an adorable little girls' outfit.
While a tuxedo may seem overly dressy for many occasions, your little one will look adorable in a tuxedo, regardless of how dressy everyone else at the event is.
This adorable tuxedo suit is available in black or white.Tiny Tux offers a wide selection of several different colors and sizes of little boys' tuxedos.
Rosey Bear Boutique has an adorable white or black boy's tuxedo outfit that comes with a matching paisley vest and bow tie.
The jacket on this suit is cropped in the front, with rounded tails in the back, which is adorable on younger boys.
Striped orange and black leggings paired with a simple black cotton dress featuring a happy ghost on the front makes an adorable Halloween outfit for a little girl.
While you might find a long coat with a fur hood adorable, it may be that your child wears it only on rare occasions because it doesn't match well with sweat pants and sneakers.
Additionally, the shop also offers adorable organic clothing, so your baby can wear these when it's time to change out of her dress.
It's better to shop for a summer staple now and have it ready for the adorable boy in your life, instead of waiting until the last second.
Traditional girls' tennis clothing includes adorable splayed pleat skirts and polos, but in recent years, tennis uniforms have evolved dramatically.
In Fashion Kids is a website with a large variety of adorable children's clothing (some baby to toddler sizes, and some sizes for older children) ranging from sailor suits and dresses to Halloween costumes and fur coats.
In addition to being adorable, it is practical, keeping the baby warm and comfortable during what can be a long ceremony.
They come in so many adorable styles and patterns that it's easy to pick out a few to complete her wardrobe this summer.
Goldendoodle puppies are the result of combining two of America's favorite dog breeds together to form an adorable designer breed.
Many Pug owners can't resist dressing up these adorable little dogs, but finding clothes tailored to fit the Pug's robust frame can be a bit of a challenge.
She simply began appearing in novelty stores, and the rest is history.For the few who may not know who Hello Kitty is, she is an utterly adorable image of a little white cat.
This tuxedo style teddy features some adorable extras such as adjustable shoulder straps, stretch mesh back and a matching G-string.
With adorable and affordable fashions for all occasions, as well as shoes, lingerie and jewelry, they are a shopping must.
It's kind of hard not to love the adorable bald guy who looks like grandpa but dances like your son.
What's the purpose of snapping all those adorable Walt Disney World photos if you can't put them to good use?
Alcoholism hasn't been so adorable since that time I blacked out at a party and woke up in an Easter Bunny costume somewhere in the ghetto, which actually defines the feeling you get from playing this game quite well.
Despite the fact that Darth Maul has never looked so adorable, the bosses are definitely a challenge compared to the fairly easy levels.
Rinoa Heartilly is another one of those video game babes who is just so adorable, you can't help become infatuated with her.
You can even design your own adorable or fearsome little avatar, but none of these is as impressive when compared to the gold membership.
From realistic looking figurines to whimsical decanters to adorable puppy tee shirts, there are pet collectibles for every taste and price range.
Whether you are buying one of these adorable children's toys for your own child, for a family member or for a friend's child, rest assured that this type of toy is often greatly loved.
Just make sure you are maintaining your new indie style with proper hair products in order to give your hair the right bounce and lift it needs to be flirty and adorable.
Everyone in the wedding party wants to have great hair, and flowergirl bun wraps are an adorable touch to finish off your youngest attendant's look.
This makes your little princess look adorable, and can be nice for a bit of sparkle if color is not appropriate for the overall wedding party.
What you want is to curl or wave the hair and work it up and backwards, creating body and movement, but also to create a pile at the top that will look adorable.
A wedding cake made from bath towels makes a sweet gift for a newly married couple, while a bunny or a frog makes for an adorable baby shower present.
Jessica started her company-named after her adorable baby-after being frustrated with the maternity clothes that were available at the time of her pregnancy.
Hip Chick Boutique has many adorable maternity tees, some that are funky or have a bit of an edge to them.
You can make this adorable Buttercup Bag from Made by Rae, even if you have very little experience with your sewing machine.
For something a little out of the ordinary, an OJ Flower Bikini with full top is daring, but adorable, while a Wacky Waikiki bikini with pull-on skirt allows you extra coverage if you want to hit the shops after swimming.
Done in the same captivating red/orange of its Standard cousin, this bikini bottom, with its adorable bows, is a true celebration of beauty.
If you like a retro look, try Sue Rice, an Australian designer making adorable tankinis designed to fit real women.
With so many adorable swimsuits available for girls, including tankinis and other suits that are modest and yet comfortable, why might a girl rather wear board shorts?
Girls can look adorable in bikinis made just for them, whether they want to look like Mom or a big sister.
Marc Jacobs bikinis are always a colorful mix of 's inspiration and adorable puerile designs that are more endearing than they are sophisticated.
MalibuStrings.com carries a tremendous amount of sheer bikini and cut-out styles that feature wild animal prints, adorable stars and even glitter fabric.
If your daughter is six years old, a ruffled polka dot bikini might be adorable as she plays in the surf and builds sandcastles.
In terms of matching, I love to think that moms can look as adorable as their daughters do in a matching swimsuit.
If children love adorable Roxy Girl swimsuits for toddlers and you feel comfortable having them choose tankini or triangle styles, it's not at all unusual.
Suggestions so far include the adorable psychedelic heart one-piece tank suit with a matching sarong by St. Tropez - a hot-pink suit great for hot days.
One of their most popular suits is the Retro Dot Bandeau Skimp, in adorable navy and white polka dots with red trim.
Of course, you love for your kids to look adorable, but at this age, fashion matters a lot less than practicality.
Family Fun - Check out the adorable puppets you can make using socks and other supplies at this site, as well as easy-to-follow directions.
Baby Jessica - Adorable Baby Jessica is another limited edition collectible of only  pieces, priced anywhere from $ to $.
Webkinz Jr. pets do not have some of the elaborate patterns of their normal Webkinz counterparts, but they are equally as adorable.
He reaches new heights of adorable, and is recommended as a gift if you have an exceptionally crafty friend or family member.
Babydoll sweaters are also adorable options for fall and winter, and they also add an unexpectedly fresh element to a season when fashion is unavoidably more sedate and serious.
There isn't anything much more adorable than a cub scout going door to door, so organize them into teams for a penny drive.
The video card features adorable animated bears getting their groove on in the snow and wishing your loved one a Merry Christmas.
Halloween is a night for fun and fright, and nothing is better for kids who ring the doorbell looking for a candy than being greeted by an adorable dog dressed as a pumpkin, a princess, or a pirate.
Parents, on the other hand, know how adorable it is to dress a newborn in a costume.Parents only have one, two, or possibly three years of a child's life to dress him or her in their choice of costumes on Halloween.
Everyone will love how it looks and will make endless comments about how adorable the baby looks - but is it worth a small fortune?
They have an adorable, sexy bugle girl costume for $. that consists of a cotton khaki mini-dress with a front-pleated skirt, gold military buttons, sergeant's stripes on the sleeves and ribbons above the breast.
Your little girl's a princess all year round, of course, but Halloween gives her the opportunity to dress up like an adorable little pumpkin.
If you want something a little more special, more princess-like, or just something a touch more adorable than a sweatshirt, there are other options.
While there is a place for kids' mermaid costumes and The Little Mermaid is simply adorable, there is a whole other side to these beautiful creatures of the sea.
After all, nothing is cuter than dressing up your son or daughter in an adorable grass skirt and lei and letting them hula their way into your heart.
Historical costumes are a great way to teach kids history, not only will the learn, they'll look adorable doing it!
If you have kids or an extreme penchant for the mall, the Lacoste Vertical Shopper is an extraordinarily useful bag featuring sturdy zippered closure and an adorable boxy shape.
For a price of  US dollars, this adorable number comes in a vintage meringue color that looks as if it were stripped from the walls of an old fashioned soda shop.
This monkey is an adorable reference to Rudyard Kipling's Jungle Book, but more pertinantly, a monkey is a symbol of adventure; and Kipling bags are built for adventure.
They are available in zip-top hobo, leather-footed satchel, cross-body box bag, classic tote, slouchy shopper, and adorable button-accented mini-clutch styles.
Angela Pelletterie has a small selection of Nannini handbags, including a green and white floral purse in canvas and patent leather that is as adorable as it is stylish.
However, when you have such adorable bags to choose from as the Blue Q Happy Camper Shopper, which is patterned with forest and ocean drawings, you might just want to take a chance the bag will work for you.
You'll still have a wide selection to choose from, including adorable clutches (like Ella) and sassy patent leather totes (like Kato).
This adorable carryall if perfect for a variety of uses, from a bag to use for the pool or beach to a travel bag or just a great summer carryall.
Among the many styles of Life is Good totes carried by Amazon is this adorable Camp Dog tote bag with a graphic of Jake's dog, Rocket, toasting a marshmallow.
With their optimistic slogans, adorable graphics and beautiful fabric designs, Life is Good tote bags are fashion accessories that are perfect for all ages.
Not only does this site feature some adorable travel gear, but the site's name itself, My Bambino, is incredibly cute!
The online retailer offers an adorable fully plush Elmo bag that straps on the back that is perfect for play and carrying a few items.
The Sunny Patch line features adorable characters and outdoor toys for your child to use for helping in the garden, blowing bubbles or playing with water and nature.
You can also purchase a double stroller for traveling with your adorable twins and matching outfits for dressing them alike.
No matter what the research says, it is difficult to resist the adorable shoes for toddlers available today when putting together a special outfit.
Pottery Barn Kids offers storage units for baby paraphernalia, as well as changing tables and adorable little décor touches such as a farmyard mobile, silver keepsake frames and wall letters.
The site offers fun games, e-cards, and of course shopping opportunities to let you add to your collection of these adorable dolls.
Runners-up, the producers of The March of the Penguins, who carried their three-foot stuffed penguins with them to the podium and thanked the academy in broken, yet adorable, English.
That means you can surf the Web and laugh at adorable animals playing pranks or performing mundane tasks whenever you like.
With all the adorable choices Michael Antonio shoes has to offer, it can be difficult to narrow down you purchases.
The floral insole is an adorable touch, but it's the reasonable price point that will keep fashion mavens glued to this ultra-trendy shoe.
These cute watches are great for young girls and teenagers as well as women who appreciate adorable jewelry with lots of personality.
The story goes that on a long train trip, Walt Disney doodled until he came up with the initial design for the adorable mouse, who his wife dubbed "Mickey."
The rich chocolate with ivory lace trim offers a pleasing contrast, and the matching lace trim gown is adorable as well.
What may be adorable in a four ounce kitten is less adorable in a fifteen pound cat, so don't encourage rough play with people, or you'll have a confused cat when he grows up and suddenly no one wants to play-fight with him any more.
A wider selection is available at Fotosearch and these graphics are royalty free; however, you will need to pay a considerable amount for the image itself.Clipartof has an adorable assortment of cheerleader graphics available for download.
Fire, the most mysterious and impressive of the elements, the giver of light and of all the good things of life, is a thing sacred and adorable in primitive religions, and fire-worship still has its place in two at least of the great religions of the world.
Labels such as Biscotti, Baby CZ, D&G and Chloe manufacture adorable, high quality designs, none of which are particularly over-the-top when it comes to fashion, but include just enough pink and ruffles to make an adorable ensemble.
