
The number of medical patents issued in  was more than fifty thousand, an all-time record—and it almost certainly will be broken next year, then the next, and again the next.
In fact, at the party he had spent an unnecessary amount of time with the woman he almost married – and hadn't even introduced her.
I daresay if you have purchased anything on Amazon, you have almost certainly, at some point, purchased an additional item Amazon suggested.
I think it is likely that the answers to almost all our medical problems could be found in the data we may already be collecting.
The battle of Borodino was not fought on a chosen and entrenched position with forces only slightly weaker than those of the enemy, but, as a result of the loss of the Shevardino Redoubt, the Russians fought the battle of Borodino on an open and almost unentrenched position, with forces only half as numerous as the French; that is to say, under conditions in which it was not merely unthinkable to fight for ten hours and secure an indecisive result, but unthinkable to keep an army even from complete disintegration and flight.
They each went to their assigned wagon and lit a match, tossing it inside the wagon and moving away from the circle almost in unison.
On top of the common-good projects supported with our tax dollars, almost all of us—certainly not just the wealthy—have causes we support.
One day, he'd be able to make love to his mate at will and kill the Ancient that almost killed her.
But the truth is that almost all furniture back in the day was cheaply made junk and only a very few high-quality pieces survived.
Its end led directly to the Cold War, which consumed inconceivable amounts of money and almost pushed the world to the brink of nuclear devastation.
Joseph Alexeevich was not in Petersburg--he had of late stood aside from the affairs of the Petersburg lodges, and lived almost entirely in Moscow.
Having wrung a submissive "I understand" from Dron, Alpatych contented himself with that, though he not only doubted but felt almost certain that without the help of troops the carts would not be forthcoming.
The Russians, they say, fortified this position in advance on the left of the highroad (from Moscow to Smolensk) and almost at a right angle to it, from Borodino to Utitsa, at the very place where the battle was fought.
The booming cannonade and the fusillade of musketry were growing more intense over the whole field, especially to the left where Bagration's fleches were, but where Pierre was the smoke of the firing made it almost impossible to distinguish anything.
Though she concealed from him her intention of keeping him under her wing, Petya guessed her designs, and instinctively fearing that he might give way to emotion when with her--might "become womanish" as he termed it to himself--he treated her coldly, avoided her, and during his stay in Moscow attached himself exclusively to Natasha for whom he had always had a particularly brotherly tenderness, almost lover-like.
I almost plucked a little beauty from a nearby tent the other night as her parents partied with other campers several yards away.
I had opted not to call ahead but according to Daniel Brennan, Humphries lived at his mission and almost never left.
I lined up behind an old fellow whose odor almost caused me to skip the meal entirely but I stuck with it and was rewarded by a tasty bowl of chicken soup and a fresh baked roll.
His eyes seemed to swirl, around and around, changing from the color of her mother's tulips to a color almost as dark as the night.
The two types of beings had last brought their war to the mortal realm during the time of the Schism, when they'd almost destroyed the universe.
He almost refused before he realized he had no choice, if he wanted to help Yully survive and Damian defeat the Other.
She could almost see him standing before his mirror practicing the line before going to the bars to pick up chicks.
The nip of his fangs at her neck, inner thighs and breasts almost drove her over the edge while his hot tongue and hands explored every part of her.
This time, there was a combination of distant pain and pleasure as he bit her that almost pierced the hazy dream.
Deidre almost cringed at the thought of leaving the chamber after her first venture out that landed her not only in trouble but also in Darkyn's bed.
She almost told him that – of the two of them – she was the one with nothing to fear from Darkyn.
There were days when you hated the fact you did love her, and there were days when she almost walked away from you for good, because she hated that she couldn't control how she felt, Deidre continued.
But the idea he did want her was almost a relief, another sign he was capable of providing at least some form of affection.
They almost never enjoyed the first meal of the day outside of Bird Song, but the holiday was cause for exception.
She pointed to the two young men, almost unrecognizable in their ponderous gear of boots, rubber coat, and visored helmet.
After a switchback, they crossed the bridge over a deep gorge, the location of Ouray's now-melted ice climbing park where David Dean had almost lost his life the prior winter.
Not much beyond that, because, as she put it, she and Caleb didn't stick around 'cause the light went out almost at once.
In the meantime, Wynn was trapped in a room that felt way too small with the deity he meant to kill instead of the human he almost succeeded in killing.
In the course of three days, the goddess had almost learned to see him as an equal while her human side no longer in denial about her destiny.
I've checked on your little human almost every day to ensure what I planned for her was not altered by Darkyn's bloodlust.
If it weren't for the joy of hearing the usual glowing report, the conference would almost be a waste of time – almost.
It was time to talk to someone, but the idea of talking to a councilor was almost as uncomfortable as talking to no one.
Death was almost seven feet tall, built more solid than a tree trunk with hair and eyes darker than a moonless night.
He strode through a curtained doorway in the corner and down a long hallway almost too narrow for either of them to fit.
A stir of warm magic, and she opened her eyes, almost screaming again at the cave yawning open in front of her.
Deidre drank her coffee in silence, feeling Wynn's gaze and unwilling to look at him after almost admitting to the plan.
There was a flicker of warmth in his gaze as he teased Katie, and he almost seemed approachable without the bulky trench coat lined with weapons.
She was scared to turn around, almost as if afraid he'd be passing out his phone number to every lithe, beautiful Amazonian they passed.
He was almost done when the burst of coolness awoke her, and she looked down to see him smoothing the skin around her faded wound.
Evelyn had almost laughed when Lishana's eyebrows shot up in response gave but loved Romas so much more for understanding Kiera well enough to defend her.
The game consisted almost entirely of strategy, and it was dark outside before she realized how long she'd been at it.
Almost unable to believe she'd survived, she stared for a long moment, pushed the door open, and tumbled onto the ground.
I almost died a million times over, and if I didn't know how to enable the shields on the escape pod, I would have burned up in the atmosphere, and if that didn't kill me, then hitting the planet-- He held up a hand, planting it across her mouth when she refused to stop.
She had pulled her long auburn hair high on her head, making her appear taller and almost regal in spite of the simple lines of the garment, and the plainness of her features.
Cynthia took up a pencil and paper again and began listing the different letters but almost as soon as they'd begun, they were interrupted by a soft knock on the door.
However, as there was almost no break between words, they could never be sure the double characters were in the same words and not the beginning and ending of different words or sentences.
As much and as often as Annie wrote, the letters and numbers must have almost become a second language to her.
At this spot, a bridge spanning the Uncompahgre River bisected the two main climbing sections that extended almost a mile.
Edith at first looked shocked, but almost at once, her face melted to a resigned look—a condemned maiden mounting the guillotine steps, Joan of Arc as the match ignited her pyre.
She pretended so well to be interested in the recitation of the saga that he almost believed she was becoming a fan.
As he peddled downhill toward Ridgway, he could see the east side of the valley, exposed to the southern sun, had melted nearly clear of snow while across the valley, draped in shadow most of the day, the western slope retained almost all its recent covering.
They had almost finished their drinks when the pretty bartender leaned over, a little closer than necessary, displaying her ample cleavage.
There were a dozen such places, and the snow had melted over part of the rocky areas, making tracking almost impossible.
Memories of almost being raped, of Brady killing someone in front of her … Her chest seized, and she dropped to her knees.
Unaccustomed to the weight of the rucksack on her back, she almost toppled over at the first step of the stairwell and caught the banister with both hands.
His grandfather had an almost subservient relationship to Tim's, but Brady had left the shadows on many occasions to remind Tim of what really mattered when the politician's ego started to get the best of him.
He had too much respect for her and Tim to make her a mistress when he almost felt compelled to make her something more.
Katie chuckled, and he was almost relieved at the sight of her smile.  Her features had grown paler and gaunter under his watch.  He feared the underworld would sink her spirit, too.  One of them had to have some sort of hope they'd make it out alive.
His shove almost drove her to her knees again.  She steadied herself and looked up in time to see him disappear into the jungle.  Fear made her heart pound.  The strange path he'd been following appeared ahead of her, revealing itself only a few steps at a time.  She started at a walk and quickened to a jog, making sure the path wouldn't close and trip her.  The path kept up with her, and she ran.
He called another portal and strode through it to the house of the one brother he'd come to almost trust.  Kiki's feet were propped on a cast iron table while he gazed intently at the screen of his trusty iPad.
Katie almost laughed at the oddity of his words.  He didn't seem to be joking, but she couldn't see his face to tell one way or another.
Katie almost protested his abrupt dismissal then rolled so her back was to the fire.  Something was really off about Gabe.  She fingered the gems on the new necklace.
The guise had been almost perfect, except for Ully's hands, which had been bony with sharpened nails rather than Ully's human hands.
Rhyn grunted and rolled onto his stomach.  The stone floor beneath him was cool but not cool enough to soothe the hot fury of his magic.  The effects of whatever Toby had injected into him were almost gone.
Toby felt almost as distraught at having to stay in the cell while his human was lost in the underworld.  Not that he didn't trust Rhyn or Gabe, just that, he might be able to find her first.
Katie rolled onto her stomach, almost too tired to get up.  The sky and jungle were growing dark.  Through the bramble, she saw the marble palace.  Death's palace.  Katie's heart beat harder as she looked at her destination, not at all certain this was where she should've gone but not knowing where else to go.
Rhyn could almost see him thinking.  In the end, Kris said nothing else, and Rhyn shook his head.  For the first time, he'd tried to reason with Kris.  He'd never do it again.
If you had admitted your suspicions early on that Jeff's death might not have been an accident, perhaps we could have worked together and gotten to the bottom of the whole business before you almost got us both killed.
You loved me enough to risk losing me, and almost did, just because it was the right thing to do.
Had it not been for the fact that the tree was almost completely severed from its trunk and had so much pressure on it from the opposite side, it would probably have been an impossible feat.
The truth was, though, that Brutus had taken to Alex almost the first day – as soon as Carmen assured him Alex was a friend, not a foe.
After her two weeks in the Black God's chaotic camp, she'd almost forgotten what it was like to be in an organization that took care of its own.
She'd almost managed to return to the zone when Darian gripped the chain at the top of the punching bag, stabilizing it before her and disrupting the swaying rhythm.
Jenn almost laughed at his sudden intensity, both flattered and terrified to see just how interested in her he was.
Her scent still lingered in the air, and he could almost feel her hands on his body again, caressing him in a way that turned him from a god in control of himself into a fawning teenager.
He searched until it was almost too dark to see, finally coming to the one with the same marks as Jenn's necklace.
One of the guardsmen was half the size of the other two, and his strikes were almost too fast and low for her to catch.
With effort that almost drove her to her knees, she reined in the demon, alarmed how much harder it was this time than when she'd killed the madman who was her father.
At first she would have done almost anything to get him back, but now that idea seemed full of holes.
She offered Clara some iced tea and they talked for almost an hour before Clara surprised her with a calculating question and matching expression.
One drop then two fell to the ground, and he almost flinched at the thought of his only real food in a week escaping him.
Jessi looked at him again, taking in the thick form and gaze so direct and piercing, it was almost hostile.
His presence was intense but calming, almost to the degree she had the urge to lean against him and let his huge hands roam her body, grip her from behind and pull her … Crunching from behind her broke the spell.
Selecting the largest, she went to the pristine sink area, almost afraid to run water for fear of leaving water marks in the stainless steel.
It was almost as arresting as her sweet scent and the shocked look on her face that made him want to laugh.
The tiny victory felt good, almost as good as the knowledge that the sexy beast every woman on the planet drooled over wanted her.
Unable to read her mind, he almost understood what might be more than one night of fun about the woman.
He wore jeans that hung around ripped hips and hugged flexing thighs, the sight of which made her fan herself as she almost let herself imagine them wrapped around her.
Her breathing was already quick, and he could almost see her trying to think of some way out of the mess.
It was the only reason she came back to work this morning after the kiss that almost made her stay the night before.
Jessi almost told him to go to hell except that, right now, she was almost having fun for the first time in years.
He was strong and solid; she almost believed he was able to protect her from the mess she was in.
The idea she might really be of interest to someone as enthralling and terrifying as Xander was almost too good to be true.
He didn't want her anywhere near the Original Other or Jonny but was almost certain she'd figure out how to get herself in the middle somehow.
Her gray eyes were almost the color of the moon overhead, her pale features obscured by curls that danced in an ocean breeze.
The archbishop was one of the "undertakers" who controlled the Irish House of Commons, and although he did not regain the almost dictatorial power he had exercised at an earlier period, which had suggested a comparison between him and Cardinal Wolsey, he continued to enjoy a prominent share in the administration of Ireland until his death, which occurred in London on the th of December .
These rules were borrowed almost word for word from the project drawn up at the Brussels international conference of , which, though never ratified, was practically incorporated in the army regulations issued by the Russian government in connexion with the war of  - .
The two differ in certain details of dentition, and in the greater development in the former of the parachute, especially the interfemoral portion, which in the latter is almost absent.
If  parts of iodine, which is an almost black solid, and loo parts of mercury, which is a white liquid metal, be intimately mixed by rubbing them together in a mortar, the two substances wholly disappear, and we obtain instead a brilliant red powder quite unlike the iodine or the mercury; almost the only property that is unchanged is the weight.
The plague of , carried hither from London, almost depopulated this village, and the name of the rector, William Mompesson, attracted wide notice on account of his brave attempts to combat the outbreak.
It is picturesquely situated at the head of the valley of a small tributary of the Derwent, at an elevation exceeding  ft., and is almost encircled by sharply rising hills.
