
The large and brightly coloured bongo (Boocercus euryceros) of the equatorial forest-districts serves in some respects to connect the bushbucks with the elands, having horns in both sexes, and a tufted tail, but a brilliant orange coat with vertical white stripes.
They have large cheek-pouches, large naked callosities, often brightly coloured, on the buttocks, and short thick limbs, adapted rather to walking than to climbing.
In addition there is in this particular genus, as indeed in many others, a long tubular spur or horn projecting downwards from the back of the lip, whose office it is to secrete and store a honeyed juice; the forepart of the lip forms an expanded plate, usually larger and more brightly coloured than the other parts of the flower, and with hairs or ridges and spots of various kinds according to the species.
The seeds of some genera depend on animals for dispersal, the carpellary scale (Microcachrys) or the outer integument being brightly coloured and attractive.
The part of the room behind the columns, with a high silk-curtained mahogany bedstead on one side and on the other an immense case containing icons, was brightly illuminated with red light like a Russian church during evening service.
The Pentatomidae (shield bugs), some of which are metallic or otherwise brightly coloured, are easily recognized by the great development of the scutellum, which reaches at least half-way back towards the tip of the abdomen, and in some genera covers the whole of the hind body, and also the wings when these are closed.
These were motionless at first, but soon began to flicker more brightly and to sway slowly from side to side and then up and down.
She understood all that awaited her only when, after stepping over the red baize at the entrance, she entered the hall, took off her fur cloak, and, beside Sonya and in front of her mother, mounted the brightly illuminated stairs between the flowers.
The women's dress consists of a similar smock, a " zouave " jacket of embroidered velvet and two brightly coloured aprons tied over a white skirt, one in front and one behind.
It is, however, abundant in Mauritania, whence specimens are so brightly coloured that they have been deemed to form a distinct species, the Ligurinus aurantiiventris of Dr Cabanis, but that view is now generally abandoned.
In the dim shadow of the curtain her luminous eyes shone more brightly than usual from the tears of joy that were in them.
The sun shone somewhat to the left and behind him and brightly lit up the enormous panorama which, rising like an amphitheater, extended before him in the clear rarefied atmosphere.
The sun had risen brightly and its slanting rays struck straight into Napoleon's face as, shading his eyes with his hand, he looked at the fleches.
Whether the leaf is brightly or only moderately illuminated, the same relative proportions of the total energy absorbed are devoted to the purposes of composition and construction respectively.
In the long room, brightly lit up by the sun through the large windows, the sick and wounded lay in two rows with their heads to the walls, and leaving a passage in the middle.
Police were stationed at the brightly lit entrance which was carpeted with red baize, and not only gendarmes but dozens of police officers and even the police master himself stood at the porch.
Higher up the hill, on the very horizon, our guns were visible through the wonderfully clear air, brightly illuminated by slanting morning sunbeams.
If you do choose to have a photo printed, it is advisable to order white koozies and use a brightly colored photo.
Instead of mints, place bowls of brightly colored pumpkin shaped candies on the tables for guests to snack on during the reception.
Instead of decorating with piping, a three-tier chocolate cake design might feature melted white chocolate in an abstract pattern on the sides of the cake or a spray of brightly colored, tropical flowers as a topper.
Lastly, it's always good to be reminded that brightly colored or dark towels should be washed separately to retain color integrity.
If you go with one of these funky looks, play up the design with faux fur accents, as well as beads and brightly colored lamps.
If your daughter likes to stand out from the crowd, then look for dresses that feature bold accessories, such as a brightly colored bow or a trim.
If your little girl loves to stand out and display her individuality every chance she gets, she'll probably love the selection of brightly colored, striped and wildly patterned pajamas you'll find here.
When shopping for a dress, decide ahead of time what it is you're looking for - knee or floor length; black, white, or brightly colored; with or without accessories such as tights and a matching jacket.
Standard soccer wear includes brightly colored team shirts with numbers, soccer shorts that hit right around the knee, cleats, shin guards and special soccer socks that can be worn over the shin guard.
Paul Frank's infant and toddler line, entitled "Small Paul", is famous for its iconic Julius monkey and it designs fun brightly colored T-shirts and onesies for infant boys.
Boasting very reasonable prices, this shop also has the widest color section around, going beyond all the shades of blue to include camo jeans and brightly colored jeans.
Dressed warmly, she left her room and stood in the brightly lit, spacious hallway, not at all certain how to leave the stronghold.
It was dark and cool, the forest quiet while the waters before him no longer glowed brightly enough to be seen from the stronghold.
She exited the brightly lit room into the hallway, crossing to look out the nearest window at the falling snow.
She tucked the creature in her hands under one arm and left the small room for a long corridor in similar dark grey which glowed more brightly from indistinguishable light sources.
Kiera lay on the bed an hour after Evelyn left, staring at the white ceiling with its brightly corded edges.
There is one trogon - green and crimson, a brightly coloured ground thrush (Pitta), numerous woodpeckers and barbets; glossy starlings, the black and white African crow and a great variety of brilliantly coloured weaver birds, waxbills, shrikes and sun-birds.
Kennett's Schweich Lecture (), The Composition of the Book of Isaiah in thelLight of Archaeology and History, an interesting attempt at a synthesis of results, is a brightly written b'ut scholarly sketch of the growth of the book of Isaiah, which went on till thegreat success of the Jews under Judas Maccabaeus.
Having its ignition point below that of ordinary gas, it can be ignited by any redhot carbonaceous matter, such as the brightly glowing end of a cigar.
Indeed, in many species of Limicolae, as the dotterel, the godwits (q.v.), phalaropes and perhaps some others, the female is larger and more brightly coloured than the male, who in such cases seems to take upon himself some at least of the domestic duties.
In the second case the outer series (calyx of sepals) is generally green and leaf-like, its function being to protect the rest of the flower, especially in the bud; while the inner series (corolla of petals) is generally white or brightly coloured, and more delicate in structure, its function being to attract the particular insect or bird by agency of which pollination is effected.
Not that medieval ideals were by any means dead; they never burned more brightly than in the Spain of St Teresa (-).
The linen dresses of women are fastened by a long sash or girdle, wound many times round the waist; the holiday attire being a white gown covered with embroideries, one or more brightly coloured aprons and necklaces of beads or coins.
The male Regent bower Bird is brightly colored but builds a relatively simple bower with a few leaves which contrast with the forest floor.
Fraserburgh, Beach tunnel murals Brightly colored cartoonish mural decoration in a style that many adults seem to regard as appealing to children.
A tiger patterned fish among clusters of brightly colored coral reef or the flowing shapes of seaweed may look more exciting.
Browse the folk crafts and sample the brightly hued tropical fruits and you'll begin to get a taste of Antigua's true flavors.
There is a wooden landing jetty from which you can watch the brightly colored marine fish in the clear water below.
In fact, seeing the veal chop in the brightly lit exhibition fridge prompted me to choose it for my main course.
In a few of the older districts, too, where land is least valuable, there are antique one-storeyed houses, surrounded by poplars and acacias; while the gipsies and Rumans, wearing their brightly coloured native costumes, the Russian coachmen, or sleighdrivers, of the banished Lipovan sect, and the pedlars, with their doleful street cries, render Bucharest unlike any western capital.
The wax candles burned brightly, the silver and crystal gleamed, so did the ladies' toilets and the gold and silver of the men's epaulets; servants in scarlet liveries moved round the table, the clatter of plates, knives, and glasses mingled with the animated hum of several conversations.
The music sounded louder and through the door rows of brightly lit boxes in which ladies sat with bare arms and shoulders, and noisy stalls brilliant with uniforms, glittered before their eyes.
The flames now died down and were lost in the black smoke, now suddenly flared up again brightly, lighting up with strange distinctness the faces of the people crowding at the crossroads.
Pierre did not look out at the battlefield and was not concerned to know what was happening there; he was entirely absorbed in watching this fire which burned ever more brightly and which he felt was flaming up in the same way in his own soul.
The stormcloud had come upon them, and in every face the fire which Pierre had watched kindle burned up brightly.
When Pierre reached the fire and heard Platon's voice enfeebled by illness, and saw his pathetic face brightly lit up by the blaze, he felt a painful prick at his heart.
A huge campfire was blazing brightly in the midst of the snow, lighting up the branches of trees heavy with hoarfrost.
Pierre was shown into the large, brightly lit dining room; a few minutes later he heard footsteps and Princess Mary entered with Natasha.
Needing one more win to clinch the title, Services began brightly by getting their rucking game going and moving the ball crisply.
Millwall started the most brightly in this match, pressing strongly in the first few minutes with the Clarets looking very shaky in defense.
Buckingham started brightly and went ahead when a low shot by Abdul squirmed under the keeper and into the net.
They come out even better between other brightly colored plants like Delphinium, ornamental onions, iris stork 's bill or violet sage.
Montrose began brightly, but were no doubt stunned when the home side who grabbed the lead after just three minutes.
With brightly colored pieces and engaging classical music, these easily fasten to a crib or bassinet and can set a bright and happy tone to any room.
However, they are not as sharp and detailed as a plasma TV and are not ideal for brightly lit rooms.
They are similar to the LCD version and lighter than their CRT counterpart except that you can view it comfortably in brightly lit rooms.
The brightly colored and stylish plastic rugs that can be seen gracing the pages of style magazines and websites may look far from the traditional image of a 'green' product.
The most recognized classic French fabric designs Include the brightly colored paisley, floral and botanical designs found on Indienne cottons and the Toile de Jouy pattern.
A young family might appreciate a brightly colored room that reflects their excitement for life and high energy of activities.
Select a brightly saturated color to paint it, taking inspiration from other colors in the room and using a contrasting shade to the wall behind it.
For instance, they feature different traditional Persian style rug patterns in natural, earth tone colors or brightly colored contemporary style area rugs.
The countertops - Scented candles, soft stacked guest towels or a decorative apothecary jar filled with brightly colored ornaments (or better yet, little soaps shaped like ornaments) will add some pop and interest.
A small blue flame underneath the mantle causes it to glow brightly with an incandescent light, much like an electric light bulb.
One of the first lessons learned in modeling school is to draw attention to your natural beauty, not your brightly colored makeup.
If you are able to apply your makeup in natural daylight, or have a brightly lit makeup vanity, bathroom, or other area with direct lighting, you may not need a x makeup mirror with lighting.
If you are looking for a simple model that is ideal as a party favor then this brightly colored style is available at TheInitialChoice.com.
When posing in front of the tree, make sure your photo subjects don't block special ornaments or other must-see props, such as brightly wrapped gifts.
Kids - Gummy bears, jelly beans, cookie lollipops, small toys, popcorn, and movie rental gift certificates, piled high in a pail, beach bag, or brightly colored gift bag.
If you're photographing brightly colored costumes on a busy backdrop, print the picture in black and white to make it easier to choose a color scheme for your layout.
If you have a date for a medieval prom, then you might want to color coordinate your dress with him since medieval costumes for men are more brightly colored than traditional tuxedos.
Each year, Cache releases a new collection of brightly colored, boldly patterned prom dresses that are sure to turn heads.
The sky was blue, the birds were singing and the sun shining ever so brightly, our pastor made it just as planned.
Tropical flowers, exotic plants or brightly colored large arrangements look lovely on pillars or columns next to the bride and groom.
It's quite rare to find a brightly colored cake at a wedding, but they can be a lot of fun for brides and grooms who want to add some zing and personality to their design.
A plain black tuxedo vest can come across as boring when paired with a black tuxedo on a small child, but a paisley vest, or a brightly colored vest, can liven up the look.
This allows you to unsnap the cuffs and roll them up with ease - a great option when you are wearing a brightly colored or patterned long-sleeved top underneath.
The young, strong shoots are purple-red overlaid with a pale grey bloom, whilst the leaves are of a peculiar glaucous color brightly tinged with red.
Although she has a brilliant smile and a polished (and perfectly accessorized) appearance, what shines most brightly in Jeri McMinn is her love of people.
Brightly colored plastic and acrylic earring trees can look great and be just the thing to bring a bit of fun into a room décor.
Plus size clothing does not have to be drab or boring as evidenced by their past use of brightly colored printed or solid fabrics.
You might want to go with an ivory wedding dress, which will still be understated; or you may want to go for a brightly colored wedding gown in pastels or deeper shades.
Here, you'll find a small but attractive range of animal print tees, ranging from simple trapeze styles to soft, brightly colored knits.
Brightly colored, textured, and decorated ped socks have made an appearance in what once seemed unlikely places, including on the fashion runways.
Ed Hardy makes a line of completely casual clothing for men and women with unique, brightly colored, and fun designs.
Secondary sources include eating off of ceramic ware that is brightly colored, which commonly imported from Mexico, Asia and other Latin American countries.
If your bedroom is full of blinking lights or an alarm clock with numbers that glow brightly, know that these devices can interfere with sleep.
This is why any part of a night vision scene that contains bright light will glow brightly, because even the slightest source of light is amplified many times.
The entire fluorescent screen is where the person wearing the goggles can see a brightly lit image of a dimly lit location.
If you visit the website and go to "Products" and then to "Goggles," you'll be met with an array of brightly colored eyewear.
On the Bolle goggles page, you'll be shown all of the goggles right off the bat, so you can click and choose the brightly colored pair you like best-no need to sift through pages and pages of "blah" goggles.
Some goggles will automatically shut off in brightly lit conditions, but if yours don't, be sure to turn them off once you're out of the dark.
That's fine as long as you make sure that the aviators or brightly colored lenses offer the right amount of protection for your eyes.
Other frames may feature a brightly colored stripe or a bold interior frame color that adds a pop of unexpected style.
The brightly colored logo of the Six Flags Corporation is familiar to any theme park enthusiast, but it is more than just a fun symbol of a great park chain.
The mercury blobs are shiny, brightly colored drops of liquidy joy sliding within the confines of the different mazes of the levels.
Boldly drawn and outlined in black, boost icons and collectibles are brightly colored and very easy to see on the snow - if you can find them.
Once again related to that AMOLED display, this problem seems to occur when users are in direct sunlight or in other brightly lit conditions.
With large, fluid movements and brightly colored costumes, it is set apart from anything else viewed on a performance stage.
If you have a child trying to learn the alphabet, a set of brightly colored alphabet magnets is a must.
Try making hearts from brightly patterned origami paper or using paper with a metallic finish in order to add a bit of sparkle.
Spend the majority of your maternity fashion budget on a few key pieces that can be paired with consignment shop bargains, borrowed clothes, and brightly colored or creatively designed separates.
Visitors walk along a spiraling uphill path while brightly colored butterflies land at their feet and twittering birds circle the open space in the rainforest canopy.
Some of the items you can expect to see here include traditional, large beach balls, colorful plastic rings and the jauntily named Toypedo Bandits; brightly colored toys that are shaped like torpedoes.
There are a lot of brightly colored and patterned swim trunks on the men's swim market, but few can claim to be as fun as hibiscus mens swim trunks, and that's a big part of their draw.
The company also offers the "fun print" collection, including playful fabrics covered in pastel fireflies and brightly colored polka dots.
Brightly patterned with colors and designs little girls love, your favorite girl is sure to be the hit of the summer in one of these designs.
Brightly colored stripes, intricate patterns and subdued hues with the Roxy Swimwear insignia are just a few of the options you will find in the board short line.
A parent can compromise with a brightly patterned swimsuit that is even a two-piece yet still errs on the side of being youthful.
Celebrity string bikini bottoms are brightly printed and tie at both sides with shimmery golden cords that are attached to brasstone rings.
For extra oomph, pair a brightly colored top with a dark bottom to put the emphasis right where you want it the most.
No matter the shell color you choose, you can complete your themed look by adding a grass skirt, flowers and even a long and brightly colored sarong in shades of green or teal, as that will be very reminiscent of the ocean.
Brightly colored in a sunny lime green and sporting a sexy double strap, this swimsuit is sure to turn heads.
If you're lacking a little up top, you can always opt for halter tops, ruffled tops, shirring and brightly patterned tops to call attention to your upper area.
Whether you actually surf, or just like to look as if you do, you'll fall in love with these brightly colored pieces.
MailJustMe has a variety of tea sets, including a brightly colored wooden set that's full of whimsy and paint-your-own tea sets that allow kids to be creative and design their own.
High-tech light sabers and brightly colored plastic swords have taken the place of wooden toy swords in many children's closets, so finding a wooden sword today can present a bit of a challenge.
It also comes with  pieces of brightly colored furniture, which can be arranged any way your daughter would like.
Since most superfood supplements can be quite expensive, you may be better off selecting to eat a variety of brightly colored natural fruits and vegetables, as well as other foods such as nuts, legumes and fermented dairy products.
You can find vitamin C in a variety of foods, particularly brightly colored fruits and vegetables such as oranges and other citrus fruits, exotic fruits, strawberries, and spinach.
Instead, add a splash of color either on top or on the bottom, or even with brightly colored accessories, like a small tote bag.
Though summer dresses are often short and brightly colored, they can come in longer lengths and more subdued colors, too.
Legwarmers, brightly colored leotards and off-the-shoulder sweatshirts were the big phenomenons that really took off, thanks in great part to Jennifer Beals' memorable performance in the film.
You can also jazz up a plain pair with a hip belt -- even a brightly colored scarf is a stylish stand-in, so slip it through your belt loops and knot it on the side.
They are also perfect for centerpieces or decorative accents, as their flames burn brightly but they don't take up a lot of space.
Try to take your pictures outside or near a brightly lit window so you don't need to use the flash.
Since they are brightly colored and featured embedded objects, many people make the mistake of assuming that gel candles are safer to than traditional paraffin candles.
Coming Home shows a Marine looking across a snowy yard at the house he's returning to, as it glows brightly.
These Christmas trees are typically decorated with star lanterns made from bamboo sticks, covered with brightly colored rice paper or cellophane.
All those brightly colored envelopes and commemorative stamps may be going the way of the touch typewriter, but that isn't necessarily a bad thing.
Add brightly colored scarves to some of the actors' costumes, paint the sky background a blue that's brighter than midnight, and mix the music up a bit.
They may wear the same basic outfit as the shepherds, but have a sash of brightly colored fabric to distinguish them.
Amidst all the brightly colored skirts, crop tops, and airy skirts for women and little girls, it's easy to forget about the men's jazz dance costumes.
That's why there are brightly colored tops in button-up and tee styles for men, black pants for contrast, suspenders, and even hats.
Traditional Mexican outfits for women typically consist of a brightly colored eye-catching peasant blouse loaded with intricate embroidery and a flowing skirt with plenty of frills.
Also within this sea-inspired collection is the Oilily  V-Waves Nappy Bag, a diaper bag that also features a brightly colored mermaid against a shiny sea-green background.
The background print is whimsical, but slightly understated, allowing the brightly colored coral and fish appliqués (made with leather, suede, sequins, and rhinestones) to really make the bag stand out.
Cartoon Fans Club - This store has all kinds of items for cartoon lovers, including a full-sized, brightly colored Naruto backpack that can be used as a bookbag.
You can still have the brightly colored, fun sneakers for walking, running, or playing sports that your Adicolor friends are crazy about.
On the other end of the spectrum is the Brightly, a flat shoe adorned with a toe loop and rhinestone buckle.
The upper portion of the sneaker features a dark brown weathered crocodile skin upper with a brown suede swoosh and eye-popping metal eyelets, which shine as brightly as the shoes' yellow midsole.
The brightly colored athletic shoes will put you in the running for most fashionable bowler and could boost your score as well.
Some of these brightly colored creations start with tattoo sleeves and just work outward, and others are started with a large piece on the back or chest.
When seen under the correct UV light, it will glow brightly, in the way that glow sticks and other black light reactive materials do in these circumstances.
There's a wide variety of brightly colored houses here, and it's a very pleasant place to simply take a stroll along the cobblestone streets.
Armitron watches feature brightly colored and fancy leather straps as well as the more classic dark black or brown styling.
The faces of the watches are brightly colored and are available in red, yellow, green and purple as well as more subtle colors.
Whether it is fun and funky brightly colored fake fur or classy subtle designs, the addition of animal prints brings an stunning touch to many accessories.
This includes different types of beads, including brightly colored glass beads, as well as elegant and classic pearl style beads.
Purchase some brightly colored poster board, stencil letters and paint, embellishments such as glitter, buttons and stickers, and anything else that will allow each and every family member to make their own imprint on the final product.
These are great fun to work with and give the opportunity to make brightly patterned socks without worrying about changing color or following complex patterns.
Fill bathroom tissue tubes with small treats, and then wrap them with brightly colored paper, and give them away as party favors or as Halloween treat wraps.
The extra layer the cami provides is usually enough to prevent any embarrassing see-through situations - however, just to make sure, it's always a good idea to look at your outfit in a brightly lit room before you head outdoors.
Men's vintage nylon underwear styles range from the very conservative 's boxers to the sassy 's brightly colored and patterned bikini briefs.
Novelty pajamas are generally fun, funky sets that feature brightly colored patterns on the pants and a relatively simple, printed, or plain shirt.
While every workplace may not be conducive to donning brightly colored nylons no matter how long the skirt above, if your dress code is more laidback, you can wear them.
Whether you buy a sports bra that is tie dyed from a retailer or decide to make your own design, having a cool and funky piece of brightly colored workout gear helps you to display a bit of personality in your sports clothing choices.
From a brightly patterned kimono to an elegant bridal white dressing gown, you can achieve the feel of sensual decadence without laying out a fortune.
Display a brightly colored piñata, play Mexican or Spanish style music and toast the guest of honor with a margarita.
Each day a new candle is lit, so that by the final day of Kwanzaa, all the candles shine brightly.
Designed with brightly mixed decorations, the settings of the events place pots of gold at the ends of their rainbows.
Locals rave about the bar's atmosphere, with its industrial-themed brightly colored decor, in the basement of an old converted bicycle factory.
The restaurant consists of a large rectangular bar is at the entrance, gleaming in brass and dark wood, and a dining room that is brightly lit with well used wood floors and brass nameplates at each seat that frequent diners have claimed.
I followed about twenty lost souls up a rickety flight of stairs to a brightly lighted room, smelling of flowers and candles.
A larger and more brightly coloured species, C. spinoides, inhabits the Himalayas, but the siskin has many other relatives belonging to the New World, and in them serious modifications of structure, especially in the form of the bill, occur.
Many galls are brightly coloured, as, for instance, the oak-leaf hairy galls of Spathegaster tricolor, which are of a crimson hue, more or less diffused according to exposure to light.
But William's military genius never shone so brightly as in the hour of defeat; he never knew what it was to be beaten, and in  his recapture of Namur was a real triumph of skill and resolution.
My guide - Itay - escorted me around stunning coral reefs teeming with tropical fish that glimmered brightly in the clear blue water.
The heads of the dragonettes were as big as barrels and covered with hard, greenish scales that glittered brightly under the light of the lanterns.
The weather had cleared again since noon and the sun was descending brightly upon the Danube and the dark hills around it.
Even that tends to still be brightly colored, but instead of flowers in many (but not all) cases, you get crosses, doves, and scenes from the Bible.
The most common way to wear this set is mixing a brightly colored or patterned top with a dark, often black, bottom.
Unfortunately only the foundation and a few Doric capitals and other architectural fragments remain; they were coated with stucco which was brightly painted.
Lest our picture of primitive religion appear too brightly coloured, a word must be said on the perversions to which the exploitation of the sacred is liable.
