
He was in a place, emotionally, that was totally foreign, and he couldn't begin to predict how this night would unfold.
Driving was out of the question as the mid-morning parade, scheduled to begin in a few minutes, was forming on Main Street, which was now closed to traffic.
By the time we'd finished our meal, with a piece of cake, there wasn't much time before the service was to begin and the pastor excused himself to prepare.
When the sun had entirely emerged from the fog, and fields and mist were aglow with dazzling light--as if he had only awaited this to begin the action--he drew the glove from his shapely white hand, made a sign with it to the marshals, and ordered the action to begin.
You cannot begin to imagine how long I've waited for this night and what I've done to make sure it happens as it must.
Supper was pancakes and eggs, with conversation directed to the children, interrupted by confirming calls from ice climbers who would begin arriving on Thursday.
The very moment when we begin to think, says Descartes, when we cease to be merely receptive, when we draw back and fix our attention on any point whatever of our belief, - that moment doubt begins.
But we will see it begin to take shape and will know that we were there the moment the world changed.
Descartes was not disposed to be a martyr; he had a sincere respect for the church, and had no wish to begin an open conflict with established doctrines.
As Frederick the Great observed almost two centuries earlier, "If my soldiers were to begin to think, not one of them would remain in the army."
By dawn, the intruders were driven beyond the breached wall, and stonecutters and woodworkers summoned to begin repairing the wall behind the ongoing battle.
Waiting for him to snap or yell as he had when she arrived to Hell, she touched him timidly with her other hand to begin exploring the ridges of the scars on his chest.
The whole French army, and even Napoleon himself with his staff, were not on the far side of the streams and hollows of Sokolnitz and Schlappanitz beyond which we intended to take up our position and begin the action, but were on this side, so close to our own forces that Napoleon with the naked eye could distinguish a mounted man from one on foot.
I'm here in one piece, sort of, and you've given me a clean slate to begin act two of my life.
There is no other instance in Europe of a basin of similar extent equally clearly characterized—the perfectly level character of the plain being as striking as the boldness with which the lower slopes of the mountain ranges begin to rise on each side of it.
In the republics, as we begin to know them after the war of investitures, government was carried on by officers called consuls, varying in number according to custom and according to the division of the town into districts.
Ibn Batuta, the great Arab traveller, is separated by a wide space of time from his countrymen already mentioned, and he finds his proper place in a chronological notice after the days of Marco Polo, for he did not begin his wanderings until , his career thus coinciding in time with the fabled journeyings of Sir John Mandeville.
The wish to meet people of the different sections of the country and to explain his position upon the questions of the day led the President to begin (th September ), a tour which included the Pacific coast, the South-west, the Mississippi Valley and the South Atlantic states, and during which he travelled , miles and made  speeches.
The reign of the Spirit was to begin with the year , when the abuses of the world and the Church were to be effectually cured by the general adoption of the monastic life of contemplation.
The forest extends, with great luxuriance, to an elevation of , ft., above which the sub-alpine region may be said to begin, in which rhododendron scrub often covers the ground up to , or , ft.
The segmentation is of the mesoblast to begin with, and appears later behind the mouth, the part anterior to this becoming the prostomium of the adult.
Further, they had the effect of sobering the culprit, and the more creditable part of his life did not begin till he left Vincennes.
To begin with a comparatively small, though not unimportant, matter, Pasteur's discoveries on fermentation inaugurated a new era in the brewing and wine-making industries.
The female lays her eggs beneath the scaly covering, from which hatch out little active six-legged larvae, which wander about and soon begin to form a new scale.
It would certainly be impossible if we had to begin de novo to construct the whole fabric of economic science.
The tsar saw his chance of improving on the terms arranged at Tilsit; and obviously Napoleon could not begin the conquest of Spain until he felt sure of the conduct of his nominal ally.
The terminus ad quem is less certain - iron does not begin to be used for weapons in the Aegean till after Period III.
It will perhaps be most convenient to begin by mentioning some of these last, and in particular a number of them which appeared at Vail- Paris very early in the th century.
All the world over it is held that such people can assume the form of animals; sometimes the power of the shaman is held to depend on his being able to summon his familiar; among the Ostiaks the shaman's coat was covered with representations of birds and beasts; two bear's claws were on his hands; his wand was covered with mouse-skin; when he wished to divine he beat his drum till a black bird appeared and perched on his hut; then the shaman swooned, the bird vanished, and the divination could begin.
On the Norwegian coast mackerel fishing does not begin before May, whilst on the English coasts large catches are frequently made in March.
Picking may begin on July io in Southern Texas, and continue late into the winter, or until the rare frost kills the plants.
We begin by giving the official quotations of " spot," and statement of business done, published on the morning of the th of April .
Bohemund's policy seems to have inspired Baldwin, the brother of Godfrey of Bouillon to emulation; on the one hand he strove to thwart the endeavours of Tancred, the nephew of Bohemund, to begin the foundation of the Eastern principality for his uncle by conquering Cilicia, and, on the other, he founded a principality for himself in Edessa.
Louis had been led to think that the bey of Tunis might be converted, and in that hope he resolved to begin this eighth and last of the Crusades by an expedition to Tunis.
The instrument therefore does not begin to read from zero current, but from some higher limit which, generally speaking, is about one-tenth of the maximum, so that an ammeter reading up to io amperes will not give much visible indication below i ampere.
But from his time onwards there has been a continuous stream of admiralty reports, and we begin to find important cases decided on the instance as well as on the prize side.
North of the Satpuras is,the rich valley of the Nerbudda, which may be said to begin towards the north of the Jubbulpore district and to extend westward through the district of Narsinghpur as far as the western limit of Hoshangabad, a distance of nearly  m.
The authentic history of the greater part of the country embraced in the Central Provinces does not begin till the th century A.D.
Hence they were resolutely opposed to any idea of reform; for to begin making changes in the Church's system would be a tacit admission that Luther had some show of reason on his side.
Gregory and Mahomet were contemporaries, and, though Saracen occupation did not begin in Early Sicily till more than two centuries after Gregory's Y death, Saracen inroads began much sooner.
Long thin one-edged knives of iron begin about  B.C. Various forms of one-edged iron knives, straight () and curved (), belong to Roman times.
This they did while the Digest was in progress, and produced the useful little treatise which has ever since been the book with which students commonly begin their studies of Roman law, the Institutes of Justinian.
His wife had made over her income to her mother, but he had saved a small sum upon which to begin housekeeping.
When the land reappeared a new series of valleys would at once begin to be eroded; and the subsequent degradation of these overlying sediments might reveal portions of the older topography, as in the case of the Great Glen, Lauderdale, and other ancient valleys.
With this Douglas, Knight of Liddesdale, a ruffian and a traitor, may be said to begin the long struggle between his too powerful house and the crown.
There was image-burning by godly mobs in autumn; a threat of the social revolution, to begin at Whitsuntide, was issued on the st of January , - " the Beggars' Warning."
After the th century, monks and nuns begin to form no inconsiderable part of the pilgrimages - a fact which is especially manifest from the numerous notices to be found in Jerome, and the narratives of Theodoret in the Historia religiosa.
Cordaites, Dorycordaites and many stems of the Mesoxylon type represent Gymnosperms; the seeds of Pteridosperms and Cordaiteae begin to be common.
Men say, practically, Begin where you are and such as you are, without aiming mainly to become of more worth, and with kindness aforethought go about doing good.
I was resigned it was my duty to explain the situation, with or without Howie's input, but Betsy interrupted before I could begin.
Like Gioberti he advocated a federation of Italian states, but he declared that before this could be achieved Austria must be expelled from Italy and compensation found for her in the Near East by making her a Danubian powera curious forecast that Italys liberation would begin with an eastern war.
For twelve years these committees had remained comparatively inactive, but in  the presence of the ex-Garibaldian Cairoli at the head of the government, and popular dissatisfaction at the spread of Austrian sway on the Adriatic, encouraged them to begin a series of noisy demonstrations.
At Snitterfield to the north, where the low wooded hills begin to rise from the valley, lived Shakespeare's grandfather and uncle.
As division proceeds, the filamentous nature of this cytoplasm becomes more prominent and the threads begin either to converge towards the poles of the nucleus, to form a bipolar spindle, or may converge towards, or radiate from, several different points, to form a multipolar spindle.
But not until the voyage of Magellan shook the scales from the eyes of Europe did modern geography begin to advance.
They begin with Mar Rab Sheshna (th century) and continue to Hai Gaon, who died in , and are full of historical and literary interest.
But in many Italian cities the position of the nobles, if it did not begin in violence, was maintained by violence, and was often overthrown by violence.
It does not, however, prevail for long, and in the first half of September frosts begin on the middle Urals.
It is only after a great war of destruction, a day of Yahweh's great judgment, that the dominion of God will begin " (Bousset).
Her theologians had, to begin with, little turn for mystical speculation; their tendency was rather to reduce the gospel to a system of morals.
Seven years later he felt himself a sufficiently ripe Greek scholar to begin the translation of Plato, by which his name is famous in the history of scholarship, and which is still the best translation of that author Italy can boast.
The last things and the end of the world are relegated to the close of a long period of time ( years after Zoroaster), when a new Saoshyant is to be born of the seed of the prophet, the dead are to come to life, and a new incorruptible world to begin.
The working of the mine must begin within two years of the date of the delivery of the mine to the concessionaire.
It still remains possible therefore that the seven days' eating of unleavened bread (and bitter herbs) is an historical reminiscence of the incidents of the Exodus, where the normal commissariat did not begin until a week after the first exit.
An order in council under the act, declaring the season to begin on the rd of April in, each year, was issued February , .
The royal chronicles of Cambodia, the historical veracity of which has often to be questioned, begin about the middle of the th century, at which period the Thais assumed the offensive and were able repeatedly to capture and pillage Angkor-Thom.
The young tree is, in many cases, procured when it has been trained for two or three years in the nursery; but it is generally better to begin with a maiden plant - that is, a plant of the first year after it has been budded.
In the forcing of peaches fire heat is commonly applied about December or January; but it may, where there is a demand, begin a month sooner.
The proportions between the four salts AB, CD, AD and CB, which exist finally in solution, are found to be the same whether we begin with the pair AB and CD or with the pair AD and CB.
In Nicaragua the latex is collected in April, when the old leaves begin to fall and the new ones are appearing, during which time the latex is richest.
Is it likely that a prophet would begin a complaint against Chaldaean tyranny (admittedly central in the prophecy) by complaining of that wickedness of his fellow-countrymen which seems partly to justify it ?
In other words, we note philosophy gradually extending its claims. Dialectic is, to begin with, a merely secular art, and only by degrees are its terms and distinctions applied to the subject-matter of theology.
To begin with, we know that till the th century the middle age was ignorant of Greek, and possessed no philosophical works in their Greek original(see Classics).
But by far the greater portion of the Hungarian highlands belongs to the Carpathian mountains, which begin, to the north, on the left bank of the Danube at Deveny near Pressburg (Pozsony), run in a north-easterly and easterly direction, sway round south-eastward and then westward in a vast irregular semicircle, and end near Orsova at the Iron Gates of the Danube, where they meet the Balkan mountains.
To begin with, there can be no doubt that from , when the German imperial crown was transferred from the Spanish to the Austrian branch of the Habsburg family, royal Hungary  was regarded by the emperors as an insignificant barrier province yielding far more trouble than profit.
But not until the dawn of the Reformation did Magyar begin in any sense to replace Latin for literary purposes.
It is important to begin the study of graphics with concrete cases rather than with tracing values of an algebraic function.
We can begin with any one of the  letters, so that the first change can be made in  ways.
He upset () Cuvier's retention of the Cirripedes among Mollusca, and his subsequent treatment of them as an isolated class, by showing that they begin life as free-swimming Crustacea identical with the young forms of other Crustacea.
As this increases from zero, the two processions which correspond to the two halves of the aperture begin to overlap, and the overlapping gradually increases until there is almost complete superposition.
They seem to begin about the th century B.C., and to continue till the nd century A.D.; that is, they cover the period of the Scythic domination according to the account accepted above, and that of the Sarmatian, and so suggest that, as far as the archaeological evidence goes, there was little more than a change of name and perhaps the substitution of one ruling clan for another - not a real change of population.
When the Orinoco is reached its lower basin is contracted between the Guiana highlands and the northern sierras, and its tributaries begin to come in more nearly at right angles, showing that the margins of the actual valley are nearer and higher.
The seventy decrees of the council begin with a confession of faith directed against the Cathari and Waldenses, which is significant if only for the mention of a transubstantiation of the elements in the Lord's Supper.
When, leaving the infections, we look for evidence of progress in our knowledge of more or less local diseases, we may begin with the nervous system.
As the sewing wires soon begin to break, a flat rope must usually be ripped Apart and resewed every six or eight months.
South of Thayetmyo, where arms of the Arakan Yomas approach the river and almost meet that spur of the Pegu Yomas which formed till  the northern boundary of British Burma, the valley of the Irrawaddy opens out again, and at Yegin Mingyi near Myanaung the influence of the tide is first felt, and the delta may be said to begin.
The latter is often made to begin with the line "All praise to Thee, my God, this night," but in the earlier editions over which Ken had control, the line is as first given.'
It will be convenient to begin with the later historical periods, and then to push our inquiry back into the earlier periods of Babylonian and Sumerian history.
The longer inscriptions are disposed in horizontal zones or panels, divided by lines, and, it seems, they were to be read boustrophedon, not only as regards the lines (which begin right to left) but also the words, which are written in columnar fashion, syllable below syllable, and read downwards and upwards alternately.
This tendency to destroy organic matter makes the repeated application of lime a pernicious practice, especially on land which contains little humus to begin with.
During this period, until the plants begin to ripen, the tilth is maintained and weeds checked first by horse cultivators or horsehoes, and, as the plants increase in size, by hand labour.
It was, and still is, the custom of Arabian historians to begin with the creation of the world and tell the history from then to the time of which they are writing.
Apart from some southern dialect forms which have found their way into the literary language, as vat (for fat or wine fat which still survives in the English Bible) and vixen the feminine of fox, all the words in English which begin with V are of foreign, and most of Latin origin.
Railway construction in Peru began in  with a short line from Callao to Lima, but the building of railway lines across the desert to the inland towns of the fertile river valleys and the Andean foot-hills did not begin until twenty years later.
In  he was invited to preach in the cathedral, Sta Maria del Fiore, and his rule over Florence may be said to begin from that date.
Therefore science will begin with those attributes of objects which are most general, and pass on gradually to other attributes that are combined in greater complexity.
As he recedes from us, however, we begin to see that he has a much closer relation to the great Georgian writers than we used to be willing to admit.
The igneous rocks occur at several geological horizons, but the great volcanic eruptions did not begin until the Tertiary period.
The history of the illustrated book in Japan may be said to begin with the Ise mono gatari, a romance first published in the th century, of which an edition adorned with woodcuts appeared in .
The process was known at an early period, and was employed for the purpose of subsidiary decoration from the close of the th century, but not until the th century did Japanese experts begin to manufacture the objects known in Europe as enamels; that is to say, vases, plaques, censers, bowls, and so forth, having their surface covered with vitrified pastes applied either in the chain plev or the cloisonn style.
The rains usually begin at the end of June and last till the middle of September; average annual rainfall,  in.
The struggle between the two parties gave fresh life to the literature of the country but German criticism of the higher sort can only be said really to begin with Lessing.
To begin with, he was the god of the dead, of the cemetery, of all supplies for the dead, and therefore of embalming when that became customary.
This process goes on until the state of the remaining liquid is represented by the point C. Now crystals of B begin to form, simultaneously with the A crystals, and the composition of the remaining liquid does not alter as the solidification progresses.
The two sloping lines cutting at the eutectic point are the freezing-point curves of alloys that, when they begin to solidify, deposit crystals of lead and tin respectively.
It is probable that all the alloys of compositions between B and D, when they begin to solidify, deposit crystals of the compound; the lower eutectic B probably corresponds to a solid complex of mercury and the compound.
We thus learn that the bronzes referred to above, although chemically uniform when solid, are not so when they begin to solidify, but that the liquid deposits crystals richer in copper than itself, and therefore that the residual liquid becomes richer in tin.
For example, the compound CuSn is not indicated in the freezing-point curve, and indeed a liquid alloy of this percentage does not begin to solidify by the formation of crystals of Cu  Sn; the liquid solidifies completely to a uniform solid solution, and only at a lower temperature does this change into crystals of the compound, the transformation being accompanied by a considerable evolution of heat.
Alloys represented by points on Ee, when they begin to solidify, deposit crystals of lead and bismuth simultaneously; Ee is a eutectic line, as also are E'e and E"e.
Every tube of electric force must therefore begin and end on electrified surfaces of opposite sign, and the quantities of positive and negative electricity on its two ends are equal, since the force E just outside an electrified surface is normal to it and equal to a/r, where a is the surface density; and since we have just proved that for the ends of a tube of force EdS = E  dS', it follows that adS = a'dS', or Q = Q', where Q and Q' are the quantities of electricity on the ends of the tube of force.
The Modern Period may be said to begin in , the year in which John Wesley began his memorable work.
They begin on the Danube near Pressburg, surround Hungary and Transylvania in a large semicircle, the concavity of which is towards the south-west, and end on the Danube near Orsova.
It is material to observe, that as the Olympic years and periods begin with the st of July, the first six months of a year of our era correspond to one Olympic year, and the last six months to another.
Many authors confound the year of Rome with the civil year, supposing them both to begin on the st of January.
Gregory of Tours, and some writers of the th and th centuries, make the year begin sometimes with the st of March, and sometimes with the st of January.
In France, under the third race of kings, it was usual to begin the year with Easter; and this practice continued at least till the middle of the th century, for an edict was issued by Charles IX.
In Germany, about the  th century, it was usual to begin the year at Christmas; and this practice also prevailed at Milan, Rome and other Italian cities, in the th, th and th centuries.
In the first case the annalist suppose§ the year to begin with Christmas, and accordingly reckons the th of December and all the following days of that month to belong to , whereas in the common reckoning they would be referred to the year Soo.
In the second case the year has been supposed to begin with the th of March, or perhaps with Easter; consequently the first three months of the year , reckoning from the ist of January, would be referred to the end of the year .
The Ethiopians do not reckon the years from the beginning of the era in a consecutive series, but employ a period of  years, after the expiration of which they again begin with .
The Roman or Pontifical Indiction began on the th of December or st of January, according as the Christian year was held to begin on the one or other of these days.
As it does not appear that the above-mentioned rule of intercalation was ever regularly followed, it is impossible to assign exactly the days on which the different years begin.
In the Chinese history translated into the Tatar dialect by order of the emperor K'ang-hi, who died in , the characters of the cycle begin to appear at the year  B.C. From this it has been inferred th May.
Lennox could not begin to prepare an English indictment against Mary till she was in England and in Elizabeth's power.
Other attacks were made on Dutch trade during , but the great operations of war did not begin till May .
In order to arrive at the date here implied, we can begin the reckoning from Julius Caesar or Augustus, we can include or exclude Galba, Otho and Vitellius, and, finally, when we have drawn our conclusions from these data, there remains the possibility that the book was after all not written under the sixth emperor, but was really a vaticinium ex eventu.
For Domitian in that case would be the sixth, and the preceding five would have to begin with Galba - a most improbable supposition.
With this mention Prester John ceases to have any pretension to historical existence in Asia (for we need not turn aside to Mandeville's fabulous revival of old stories or to the barefaced fictions of his contemporary, John of Hese, which bring in the old tales of the miraculous body of St Thomas), and his connexion with that quarter of the world gradually died out of the memory of Europe.(fn ) When next we begin to hear his name it is as an African, not as an Asiatic prince; and the personage so styled is in fact the Christian king of Abyssinia.
We begin with a general dynamical theorem, whose special application, when the dynamical system is identified with a gas, will appear later.
In the Telosporidia (comprising the Gregarines, Coccidia and Haemosporidia), sporulation does not begin until the close of the vegetative or trophic period, i.e.
To begin with, it is obvious that the number of sacraments must vary according to the criterions we use of what constitutes a sacrament.
Hence, whatever we begin by saying, we must ultimately say ` mind ' " (Caird, Kant, .) While the form in which these doctrines were stated proved fatal to them in the country of their birth, they took deep root in the next generation in English philosophy.
Drift whales were utilized in the earliest years of the colony, and shore boating for the baleen (or " right ") whale - rich in bone and in blubber yielding common oil - was an industry already regulated by various towns before ; but the pursuit of the sperm whale did not begin until about .
They seldom begin to repair the houses till the frost sets in, and never finish the outer coating till the cold becomes severe.
When they erect a new habitation they fell the wood early in summer, but seldom begin building till towards the end of August.
In a flash he realized his danger and made prompt arrangements to begin his retreat on Namur, the only line to France that was then available.
It may be said to begin with the arrival in  of a small company including William Brewster, elder of the refugee church in Leiden, which founded Plymouth in the modern Massachusetts in the winter of that year.
In most of the state frosts begin from September st to October st, and end from April st to May st.
For children under sixteen years of age who are so employed the hours of labour are limited to eight a day and the days to six a week, and such children must not begin work before eight o'clock in the morning or continue after five o'clock in the evening.
Any pagan who wished to understand and criticize Christianity intimately had to begin by learning from the Jews, and this accounts for the opening chapters of his argument.
We cannot tell when the kings took the place of the mukrab, but the Sabaeo-Himyaritic period seems to begin with, or a little after, the expedition of Aelius Gallus.
Though unable to effect a durable peace with the Basutos, or to realize his ambition for the creation of one powerful Boer republic, Pretorius saw the Free State begin to grow in strength.
On the rd of April , Greeley announced that on the following Saturday (April loth) he would begin the publication of a daily newspaper of the same general principles, to be called The Tribune.
Forethought was still busy when, in accordance with instructions from Tokio, Kuroki on the th of April ordered the attack to begin at daybreak on the ist of May.
The latter therefore had to stand fast in the face of the Russian Eastern Detachment, which was three days' march at most from Feng-hwang-cheng and could be supported in three more days by Kuropatkin's main body, whereas the pressure of Oku's advance would not begin to be felt by the Russian Southern Detachment until the twelfth day at earliest.
It is best to begin with only one dose in the twenty-four hours, to be taken just before going to sleep, so that the patient is saved its unpleasant "repetition" from an unaccustomed stomach.
His scientific life was now over, his political life was to begin; in the notoriety of that political life his great scientific and philosophical knowledge was to be forgotten, the high position he had given up denied, and he himself scoffed at as an ignorantcharlatan, who had sold quack medicines about the streets of Paris, and been glad to earn a few sous in the stables of the comte d'Artois.
With a supply pressure of  volts a  c.p. carbon filament lamp takes only . ampere; hence unless a meter will begin to register with   -  - ampere it will fail to record the current consumed by a single small incandescent lamp. In a large supply system such failure would mean a serious loss of revenue.
When, on the outbreak of the Swedish war of , the emperor ordered the army to take advantage of an unusually severe frost and cross the ice of the Gulf of Finland, it was only the presence of Arakcheev that compelled an unwilling general and a semi-mutinous army to begin a campaign which ended in the conquest of Finland.
Though mainly indebted for its commercial prosperity to its position on the river, the town did not begin to reap the full advantages of its situation till the opening of the railways between  and .
Hitherto it had been felt as a great difficulty in casting specula that the solidification did not begin at one surface and proceed gradually to the other, the common sand mould allowing the edges to cool first, so that the central parts were subject to great straining when their time of cooling came, and in large castings this generally caused cracking.
The general effect of the recommenda g tions already made would be to begin the study of foreign languages with French, and to postpone the study of Latin to the age of twelve and that of Greek to the age of thirteen.
The latter begin to oxidize before the ley has come up to the traditional strength of specific gravity . when cold, while nickel is not attacked so long as the percentage of real KHO is short of .
We shall begin by giving a general account of the historical and literary conditions under which the unique literature of the Old Testament sprang up, of the stages by which it gradually reached its present form, and (so far as this is possible) of the way in which the Biblical books were brought together in a.
There is reason to think that in the Christian Church this interest did not begin to be active much before the decade A.D.
But in practice it is general, and certainly convenient, to regard their work rather as material for criticism, and to begin the history of textual criticism with the earliest printed editions which sought to establish a standard Greek Text.
The first to begin this work was Brian Walton, bishop of Chester, who published in  in the th and th volumes of his " polyglot " Bible the text of Stephanus () with the readings of fifteen new MSS.
In later Christian times the Paschal month was calculated from the astronomical new moon; in earlier Jewish times all months were reckoned to begin at the first sunset when the new moon was visible, which in the most favourable circumstances would be some hours, and in the most unfavourable three days, later than the astronomical new moon.
Of weights there are scarce any dated, excepting coins, which nearly all decrease; the Attic tetradrachm, however, increased in three centuries (), owing probably to its being below the average trade weight to begin with.
All the fossil plants and animals of every kind are brought from this continent into a great museum; the latitude, longitude and relative elevation of each specimen are precisely recorded; a corps of investigators, having the most exact and thorough training in zoology and botany, and gifted with imagination, will soon begin to restore the geographic and physiographic outlines of the continent, its fresh, brackish and salt-water confines, its seas, rivers and lakes, its forests, uplands, plains, meadows and swamps, also to a certain extent the cosmic relations of this continent, the amount and duration of its sunshine, as well as something of the chemical constitution of its atmosphere and the waters of its rivers and seas; they will trace the progressive changes which took place in the outlines of the continent and its surrounding oceans, following the invasion§ of the land by the sea and the re-emergence of the land and retreatal of the seashore; they will outline the shoals and deeps of its border seas, and trace the barriers which prevented intermingling of the inhabitants of the various provinces of the continent and the surrounding seas.
The period of active railway construction, however, did not begin until , during the first term of President Porfirio Diaz.
The willows are cut at the first indication of the sap rising and "couched" in rotten peelings and soil at a slight angle, the butts being on the ground, which should be strewn with damp straw from a manure heap. The tops are covered lightly with rotted peelings and by periodical application of water, fermentation is induced at the bottom, heat is engendered, the leaves force their way through the covering and peeling may begin.
The subjects in the nave begin with scenes from the Book of Genesis, illustrating the Old Testament types of Christ and His scheme of redemption, with figures of those who prophesied and prepared for His coming.
For a will was to begin with but a mode of indicating (not necessarily in writing) on whom devolved the duty of conducting a parent's funeral, and together with that duty the right of inheriting his property.
To trot, press the legs to the saddle, and raise the bridle hand a little, and, after a moment's sitting close, begin to rise ("pose") in cadence with the action of the horse.
As the states are older than the Federal government, and as the latter was, indeed, in many respects modelled upon the scheme of government which already existed in the thirteen original states, it may be convenient to begin with the states and then to proceed to the national government, whose structure is more intricate and will require a fuller explanation.
The best example of this is the familiar one of the St Lawrence, which may be said to begin as Nipigon river and to take the names St Mary's, St Clair, Detroit and Niagara, before finally flowing from Lake Ontario to the sea under its proper name.
The St Lawrence varies only a few feet in the year and always has pellucid bluish-green water, while the Mississippi, whose tributaries begin only a short distance south of the Great Lakes, varies  f t.
North of the Saskatchewan river groves or " bluffs " of trees begin, and somewhat farther north the plains are generally wooded, because of the slightly more humid climate.
In fact all Lamellibranchs begin with a condition in which there is only one adductor, and that not the posterior but the anterior.
As regards the use of testimonia, it may be observed to begin with that their value must depend on the trustworthiness of the texts of the writers from whom they are taken, and further upon that of the text used by the translator, the excerptor or the quoter, about which we can know nothing for certain, though we may sometimes make probable inferences.
If The Commencement Of The Year, Instead Of Being Retained At The Same Place In The Seasons By A Uniform Method Of Intercalation, Were Made To Depend On Astronomical Phenomena, The Intercalations Would Succeed Each Other In An Irregular Manner, Sometimes After Four Years And Sometimes After Five; And It Would Occasionally, Though Rarely Indeed, Happen, That It Would Be Impossible To Determine The Day On Which The Year Ought To Begin.
As The Number Of Days In The Week And The Number In The Year Are Prime To One Another, Two Successive Years Cannot Begin With The Same Day; For If A Common Year Begins, For Example, With Sunday, The Following Year Will Begin With Monday, And If A Leap Year Begins With Sunday, The Year Following Will Begin With Tuesday.
Although the resumption of specie payments had been provided for, to begin at a given time by the Resumption Act of January , opposition to it did not cease.
Imitation had necessarily to begin with externals, and Peter at once fell foul of the long beards and Oriental costumes which symbolized the arch-conservatism of old Russia.
But with the decline of dogmatic belief and the spread of religious doubt - as the special sciences also grow more general, and the natural sciences become more speculative about matter and force, evolution and teleology - men begin to wonder again about the nature and origin of things, just as it was the decay of polytheism in Greek religion and his own discoveries in natural science which impelled Aristotle to metaphysical questions.
The study of evolution, without considering how many conditions are required for " the integration of matter and the dissipation of motion " to begin, and the undoubted discoveries which have resulted from the study of inorganic and organic evolution, have led men to expect too much from this one law of Nature.
Phenomenal Idealism In Germany Phenomenal idealism is the metaphysics which deduces that, as we begin by perceiving nothing but mental phenomena of sense, so all we know at last from these data is also phenomena of sense, actual or possible.
It shows that the bodies impress on one another opposite changes of velocity inversely as their weights or masses; and that in doing so they always begin by reducing one another to a joint mass with a common velocity, whatever they may do afterwards in consequence of their elasticities.
The two bodies therefore do not penetrate one another, but begin by acting on one another with a force precisely sufficient, instead of penetrating one another, to cause them to form a joint mass with a common velocity.
According to him, we begin with an experience of ideas, in which object and idea are originally identical (V orstellungsobject); we divide this unitary experience into its subjective and objective factors; and especially in natural science we so far abstract the objects as to believe them at last to be independent things; but it is the office of psychology to warn us against this popular dualism, and to teach us that there is only a duality of psychical and physical, which are divisible, not separable, factors of one and the same content of our immediate experience; and experience is our whole knowledge.
This is the method which, as we have seen, has led from psychological to metaphysical idealism, by the argument that what we begin by perceiving is mental, and, therefore, what we end by knowing is mental.
Now, there is no principle of method superior to that of Aristotle - we must begin with what is known to us.
The cause Of this anachronism has been the failure of intuitive realism and the domination of idealism, which makes short-sighted men suppose that at all events they must begin with the psychology and the psychological idealism of the day, in the false hope that on the sands of psychological idealism they may build a house of metaphysical realism.
The independence of metaphysics as the science of being, the principles of contradiction and excluded middle with their qualifications, the distinction without separation between substance and attributes, the definition of substance as a distinct individual thing, the discovery that the world consists of substances existing apart but related to one another, the distinction between material and efficient causes or matter and force, the recognition both of the natural and of the supernatural - all these and many other half-forgotten truths are the reasons why we must always begin with the study of Aristotle's Metaphysics.
Weight is in fact not purely a combination of forces, in the sense in which that term is defined in connexion with the laws of motion, but corresponds to the Galileo acceleration with which the body would begin to move relatively to the earth if the string were cut.
The most that can be said is that the Chaetognaths begin life with three segments, a feature they share with such widelydiffering groups as the Brachiopoda, the Echinoderma and the Enteropneusta, and probably Vertebrata generally.
That is practically the sense in which it is treated in this article s We may begin, however, with the definition of Jezira by the Arabic geographers, who take it as representing the central part of the Euphrates-Tigris system, the part, namely, lying between the alluvial plains in the south and the mountainous country in the north.
The missions begin by establishing apostolic prefectures under the charge of priests; the prefecture is later transformed into an apostolic vicariate, having at its head a bishop; finally, the hierarchy, i.e.
Her renowned toleration stopped short of allowing the dissenters to build chapels, and her passion for legislative reform grew cold when she found that she must begin by the emancipation of the serfs.
The oldest example of native sarcophagi are copied from Egyptian mummy-cases, painted with colours and ornamented with carvings in low relief; towards and during the Greek period the contours of the body begin to be marked more clearly on the cover.
At the same time, new hairs begin to develop and to grow rapidly, and soon outstrip the hairs of the autumn pile.
In a concise survey of the results obtained, it will be best to begin with the remains external to the precinct of Zeus.
Originally, on the other hand, Guinea was supposed to begin as far north as Cape Nun, opposite the Canary Islands, and Gomes Azurara, a Portuguese historian of the th century, is said to be the first authority who brings the boundary south to the Senegal.
Assuming, however, that knight was originally used to describe the military tenant of a noble person, as cniht had sometimes been used to describe the thegn of a noble person, it would, to begin with, have defined rather his social status than the nature of his services.
Although Columba is said to have planted a church here, the authoritative history of the town does not begin for several centuries after the era of the saint.
So closed the second day of the trial; and before the next day's work could begin a note of two or three lines hastily written at midnight informed the commissioners that Elizabeth had suddenly determined to adjourn the expected judgment and transfer the place of it to the star-chamber.
Planting late in spring should, as far as possible, be avoided, for the buds then begin to awaken into active life, and the draught upon the roots becomes great.
Begin to propagate greenhouse plants by cuttings; also coleuses by cuttings in heat, potting them off as soon as rooted.
Make 'the necessary preparations to begin forcing early or succession crops by the last week of this or the first of next month.
The borders must be covered sufficiently deep with leaves or manure to prevent the soil from freezing, as it would be destruction to the vines to start the shoots if the roots were frozen; hence, when forcing is begun in January, the covering should be put on in November, before severe frosts begin.
There was division among his advisers and desertion among his men, and on the th of December he reluctantly was forced to begin his retreat northward.
Layer upon layer of clay is deposited by the sea in front of the dikes, until new fringe has been added to the coast-line on which sea grasses begin to grow.
The sporophyte may be considered to begin at the stage of nuclear association and end with the nuclear reduction in the basidium.
He had decided to begin the History, not with Henry VII., as Adam Smith recommended, but with James I., considering that the political differences of his time took their origin from that period.
It must never be prescribed in large doses to begin with, as some patients are quite unable to take it,intractable vomiting being caused.
Wallis, on his side, was not less ready to keep up the game in English than he had been to begin it in Latin.
They begin in the thirteenth year of his reign, and tell us that in the ninth year he had invaded Kalinga, and had been so deeply impressed by the horrors involved in warfare that he had then given up the desire for conquest, and devoted himself to conquest by "religion."
This is the most beautiful and most expeditious method of making a complete water-meadow where the ground is not naturally sufficiently level to begin with.
Accordingly, when it was determined to construct a dam, it was decided that it should be supplied with sluices large enough to discharge unchecked the whole volume of the river as it comes down until the middle of November, and then to begin the storage.
In April  he quitted New Salem, and removed to Springfield, which was the county-seat and was soon to become the capital of the state, to begin practice in a partnership with Stuart, which was terminated in April ; from that time until September  he was junior partner to Stephen Trigg Logan (-), and from  until his death he was senior partner of William Henry Herndon (-).
The river March is the frontier north of the Danube from Pressburg as far as BrUnn, to the north of which the German regions begin near Olmtz, the interior of Bohemia and Moravia being occupied by Czechs and Moravias.
When our records first begin the western and southern portions of Germany seem to have been inhabited by Celtic peoples (see below Ethnography).
He therefore determined to begin by transferring to the imperial authority the Prussian state railways; had he been able to carry this out the influence of the imperial railways would have been so great that they would gradually have absorbed those of the other states.
Bibliography of German History.Although the authorities for the history of Germany may be said to begin with Caesar, it is Tacitus who is especially useful, his Germania being an invaluable mine of information about the early inhabitants of the country.
A plan had been elaborated at Constantinople for uniting the Volga and Don by a canal, and in the summer of  a large force of Janissaries and cavalry were sent to lay siege to Astrakhan and begin the canal works, while an Ottoman fleet besieged Azov.
Alphonso of Leon considered himself tricked, and the young king had to begin his reign by a war against his father and a faction of the Castilian nobles.
Now begin the dealings of Dionysius with Italy, where the Rhegines, kinsmen of Naxos and Catana, planned a fruitless attack on him in common with Messana.
In two years all that was done was to occupy Mazzara and Mineum - the old Menae of Ducetius - strange points certainly to begin with, and seemingly to destroy Agrigentum, well used to destruction.
He was, to begin with, the local deity of Thebes, when it was an unimportant town on the east bank of the river, about the region now occupied by the temple of Karnak.
Others, which may be called " earth-tiltings," show themselves by a slow bending and unbending of the surface, so that a post stuck in the ground, vertical to begin with, does not remain vertical, but inclines now to one side and now to another, the plane of the ground in which it stands shifting relatively to the horizon.
To begin with what we are most competent to criticize, let us look at some of the more extended narratives.
Many sentences begin with a " when " or " on the day when" which seems to hover in the air, so that the commentators are driven to supply a " think of this " or some such ellipsis.
Crocodile stories, not all fabulous, are plentiful, and begin with one of the oldest writings in the world, the book of Job.
Tobacco is the great luxury of the men of all classes in Egypt, who begin and end the day with it, and generally smoke all day with little intermission.
They begin with the primitive inscriptions of the st Dynasty (not later than  B.C.) and end with the latest Coptic compositions of about the vth century AD.
Most likely the forms of the tools were cast to begin with, and then finished and polished by fine hammering.
They begin by more or less desultory raids, in the course of which they seize upon some island, which they generally use as an arsenal or point d'appui for attacks on the mainland.
In  Marquette, under orders to begin a mission to the Indians, who were known to the French by their visits to the French settlements in the Lake Superior region, and Louis Joliet, who acted under orders of Jean Talon, Intendant of Canada, ascended the Fox river, crossed the portage between it and the Wisconsin river, and followed that stream to the Mississippi, which they descended to a point below the mouth of the Arkansas.
The nine books of which it is composed begin with Constantine ()() and come down to the death of Honorius (); but according to his own statement he intended to continue it as far as the year  (see the Dedication of the work).
On the other hand, it is not improbable that the wonderful words which begin, " Come unto Me all ye that labour," were drawn by St Matthew from the same document, though they are not recorded by St Luke.
His Hebrew instinct leads him to begin with a table of genealogy, artificially constructed in groups of fourteen generations - from Abraham to David, from David to the Captivity, and from the Captivity to the Christ.
Scientific exploration does not begin before Edward Robinson, an American clergyman, who, after devoting many years to study to fit himself for the work, made a series of journeys through the country, and under the title of Biblical Researches in Palestine (-) published his itineraries and observations.
Analytical problems, such as the isolation of certain organic radicals, attracted his attention to begin with, but he soon turned to synthetical studies, and he was only about twenty-five years of age when an investigation, doubtless suggested by the work of his master, Bunsen, on cacodyl, yielded the interesting discovery of the organo-metallic compounds.
There he studied law and in  was admitted to the bar, but did not begin practice for many years.
In the latter case, being determined by observations of the sun, it is taken to begin with the passage of the mean sun over the meridian of the place, or at mean noon, while the civil day begins at midnight.
The external history of India may be considered to begin with the Greek invasion in  B.C. Some indirect trade between India and the Levant seems to have existed from very ancient times.
After the treacherous murder of his brother by Sasanka, king of Central Bengal, he was confirmed as raja, though still very young, by the nobles of Thanesar in , though it would appear that his effective rule did not begin till six years later.'
The authentic history of the south does not begin until the th and th centuries A.D., though the kingdoms are known to have existed in Asoka's time.
Records begin towards the end of the th century, and the dynasty can be traced from then till the middle of the th century.
The early records of the Chera kingdom are still more meagre; and the authentic list of the rajas of Travancore does not begin till A.D.., and the rajas of Cochin two centuries later.
The modern history of the British in India, as benevolent administrators ruling the country with an eye to the good of the natives, may be said to begin with Lord William Bentinck.
Philhellene, c. - B.C., the royal coins begin; at this time probably the theatre was excavated, and Petra must have assumed the aspect of a Hellenistic city.
As the nuclei grow by the attraction of matter they begin to be capable of retaining the lighter gases, and atmospheres of hydrogen and helium are formed.
Somewhere, apparently, in the th millennium B.C., we begin to find inscriptions written on clay, in an almost linear script, in the Sumerian tongue.
These three classes begin with cellular confinement, but for varying periods; the first for three months, the second six months and the third for nine months, in all cases subject to a medical report upon mental and physical condition.
Abu'l-Abbas inaugurated his Caliphate by a harangue in which he announced the era of concord and happiness which was to begin now that the House of the Prophet had been restored to its right.
To begin with, the relation between the villein and his lord was regarded as a personal and not a praedial one.
At that time the courts of law begin to do away with the denial of protection to villeins which, as we have seen, constituted the legal basis of villenage.
Analogical and inductive inference alike begin with a particular premise containing one or more instances; but the former adds a particular premise to draw a particular conclusion, the latter requires a universal premise to draw a universal conclusion.
Washington left school in the autumn of , and from this time we begin to know something of his life.
It is useful, therefore, in a summary sketch of asceticism, to begin with the facts as they can be observed among less advanced races, or as mere survivals among people who have reached the level of genuine moral reflection; and from this basis to proceed to a consideration of self-denial consciously pursued as a method of ethical perfection.
They remain with her until nearly full-grown, or about the second year, when they are able to kill for themselves and begin life on their own account.
As soon as they begin to require other food than her milk, she kills for them, teaching them to do so for themselves by practising on small animals, such as deer and young calves or pigs.
As the freshets begin to lessen and retire into the deeper channels, the currents form natural embankments on their edges, preventing the return of a small portion of water which is thus left stagnant on the sands, and exposed to the action of the sun's rays.
Then with the Caspian Gatesthe pass between Elburz and the central desert, through which lay the route from west Iran to east Iranthe upper provinces begin; () Choarene and ()
He was hampered by the attack of nomadic tribes in the east, among whom the Chionites now begin to be mentioned.
By the resolution of Julian () to begin an energetic attack on the Persian Empire, the conflict, after the lapse of a quarter of a century, assumed a new phase.
Experience, he declared  had proved, unfavourable to the working of representative institutions, and it was safer and better to begin with responsible government.
He selected his generals without respect of politics, sending Moriones to the Basque provinces and Navarre at the head of , men, Martinez Campos to Catalonia with several thousand, and Lopez Dominguez, the nephew of Marshal Serrano, to begin the land blockade of the last stronghold of the cantonal insurgents, Cartagena, where the crews of Spain's only fleet had joined the revolt.
Other rivers besides the Indus and the Brahmaputra begin by draining a considerable area north of the snowy range - the Sutlej, the Kosi, the Gandak and the Subansiri, for example.
None of them has ventured upon a fresh treatment of the period dealt with by Eusebius; all three begin their narratives about the point where his closes.
So far the results of Laplace's hypothesis are in marked accordance with experiment; but if we follow it out further, discordances begin to manifestthemselves.
Such a film, if ever so little disturbed, will begin to contract at one secton and to expand at another, till its form ceases to resemble a cylinder, if it does not break up into two parts which become ultimately portions of spheres.
The scheme, therefore, was to begin with a succession of outpost affrays along the whole line (which could be represented as a provocation suffered), and then to strike vigorous offensive blows (a) from Seres towards Salonika, (b) from Strumitsa and Radovishta against the Vardar at Krivolak and Gevgeli (Gyevgheli), (the link between the Serbian and Greek armies); and (c) a blow from the region of Kochana towards Egri Palanka.
The Pictish Chronicle, however, gives Tuesday, the th of February as the day, and this suits  only, in which case his reign would begin in .
After the short and cruel reign of Cleph, the successor of Alboin, the Lombards (as we may begin for convenience sake to call them) tried for ten years the experiment of a national confederacy of their dukes (as, after the Latin writers, their chiefs are styled), without any king.
This mineral was discovered in the Marquette district along the shore of Lake Superior early in the th century, but active operations for mining it did not begin until ; in  mining of the same mineral began farther south in the Menominee district, and seven years later farther west along the Wisconsin border in Gogebic county.
Although there were already fifteen banks in the state in  yet the cry against monopoly was loud, and so in that year a general banking law was passed whereby any ten or more freeholders might establish a bank with a capital of not less than fifty thousand nor more than three hundred thousand dollars and begin business as soon as % of the capital was paid in in specie.
Under Alaric there is no settlement, and service is quite secondary and precarious; after his death in  the two begin again in new shapes.
In June and July, when the rains begin, the bags are taken down and emptied  This is purchased from the ryots at  annas per maund.
At the diet which opened in December  at Nuremberg he was represented by Chieregati, whose instructions contain the frank admission that the whole disorder of the church had perchance proceeded from the Curia itself, and that there the reform should begin.
The Mesozoic rocks of New South Wales begin with the Narrabeen Shales; they are covered by the Hawkesbury Sandstones, which are well exposed around Sydney; and they in turn are covered by the Wianamatta Shales.
Nowhere else could the youth of genius who was destined to impress a cosmopolitan stamp on medieval culture and to begin the modern era have grown up under conditions more favourable to his task.
In the younger line the first prince born in a new century is numbered I., and the numbers follow on until the end of the century when they begin again.
The opening lines of Hecataeus of Miletus begin the history of the true historic spirit in words which read like a sentence from Voltaire.
Their machines to begin with were merely gliders, the operator lying upon them in a horizontal position, but in  a petrol motor was added, and a flight lasting  seconds was performed.
In such species there is a more or less regular annual increase in the complexity of the antlers up to a certain period of life, after which they begin to degenerate."
During her stay all animal and vegetable productivity ceases, to begin again with her return to earth - a clear indication of the conception of her as a goddess of fertility.
It was evidently not the author's intention to begin the second period of sixty weeks simultaneously with the first period, as some expositors have thought, because the whole passage shows conclusively that he meant seventy independent weeks.
In , the seventh year of his residence at Milan, after some expressions of impatience on the part of his patron, he had all but got his model ready for display on the occasion of the marriage of Ludovico with Beatrice d'Este, but at the last moment was dissatisfied with what he had done and determined to begin all over again.
If all who pay income tax are lumped together and contrasted with those who do not pay, then there is a false division to begin with, and there is so far no means of establishing equality or inequality.
It is equally clear that there is a point beyond which contraction cannot go, and thereafter, if not before, the body will begin to grow colder.
To begin with, in the burners pyrites (or, as the case may be, brimstone or blende) is made to yield hot burner-gas containing about % (in the case of brimstone  or %) of SO .
With regard to form, the decisions of councils, even when dogmatic, are called canons; thus the definitions of the council of Trent or of the Vatican, which generally begin with the words " Si quis dixerit," and end with the anathema, are canons; while the long chapters, even when dealing with matters of discipline, retain the name of chapters or decrees.
Ewe hogs wintered on grass in the low country from the st of November are brought home in April, and about the middle of April on the average mountain ewes begin to lamb.
In this month breeding ewes recover condition and strength to withstand the winter storms. Ram auctions are on in September and draft ewe sales begin and continue through October.
Although Cotes was impatient to begin his work, it was nearly the end of September before the corrected copy was put into his hands.
This was that the word Ixot/ is made up of the letters which begin the Greek words meaning " Jesus Christ, Son of God, Saviour."
Not till , thirteen years after the agreement with Pope Adrian, did the interference of the English king in Ireland actually begin.
When county members begin to present themselves along with the barons at the national assembly, the conception of parliament is already reached.
About the same time we begin to read of orders issued by the bishops for the discovery and burning of all Lutheran booksa clear sign that they were reaching England in appreciable quantities.
It is followed by a series of exchequer records, called the Pipe Rolls, which begin in the reign of Henry I., and dating from that of Henry II.
The register of the privy council does not begin until later in the th century, and then is broken off between the middle of the th and .
Documents, other than records strictly so called, begin to grow with the habit of correspondence and the necessity of communication.
Resident French ambassadors in England only begin in the th century, and later still those from the emperor, the German and Italian states other than Venice.
The Rot nh parliament orum end with Henry VII., but in  begin the journals of the House of Lords, and in  the journals of the House of Commons.
The Craftsman provided a vehicle for Bolingbrokes attacks on Walpole, while the Gentlemans Magazine and Annual Register begin a more serious and prolonged career.
Both contain occasional state papers, and not very trustworthy reports of parliamentary proceedings., The publication of debates was not authorized till the last quarter of the century; parliamentary papers begin earlier, but only slowly attain their present portentous dimensions.
It is enacted that in such a case the rabbis shall begin with a light fast of three days (Monday, Thursday, Monday), i.e.
As soon as we begin to know anything of the Druses they were living in a feudal state of society, as village communities under sheikhs, themselves generally subordinate to one or more amirs.
On the th of June Sieyes moved that the Tiers Etat should for the last time invite the First and Second Estates to join in the verification of powers and announce that, whether they did or not, the work of verifying would begin forthwith.
On the morning of the th Thermidor St Just was begin ping to speak in the Convention when Tallien cut him short.
These latter, accustomed to the mild winters of those latitudes, begin to grow early in spring, and are in consequence liable to injury from spring frosts.
The wheat region is a country of heavy snows, and of severe, dry cold; but when March comes the snows begin to melt away, and by April the ploughed land is dry enough for the harrow.
They begin with the early harvest in Oklahoma, and work northwards up the Missouri and the Red river until the season closes in Manitoba.
The harvest labourers begin to arrive from the south about the middle of July, and by the end of this month the harvest is at its  height.
In December and January in the far north there is little more daylight than a cold glimmer of dawn; by February, however, there are some hours of daylight; in March the heat of the sun is beginning to modify the cold, and now and in April the birds of passage begin to appear.
But when such criticism passes into the attempt to find a universal criterion of morality - such an attempt being in effect an effort to make morality scientific - and especially when the attempt is seen, as it must in the end be seen, to fail (the moral consciousness being superior to all standards of morality and realizing itself wholly in particular judgments), then ethics as a process of reflection upon the nature of the moral consciousness may be said to begin.
They begin, for the most part, with a belief that in ethics as in other departments of human knowledge " the more developed must be interpreted by the less developed " - though frequently in the sequel complexity or posteriority of development is erected as a standard by means of which to judge the process of development itself.
Three years later he convoked the Saber (parliament) at Uskiib to begin a codification of the laws and legal usages.
The modern methods of celestial mechanics may be considered to begin with Joseph Louis Lagrange, whose theory of the variation of elements is developed in his Mecanique analytique.
Modern researches were developed so naturally from the results of the ancients that we shall begin with a brief mention of the work of the latter.
The moment when Protestantism and Ultramontanism are about to begin their still unfinished struggle is a fit time to notice the chief points in medieval Irish church history.
At Biarritz he prepared with Bismarck the Franco-Prussian alliance of April ; and hoped to become, to his greater glory, arbiter in the tremendous conflict which was about to begin.
In mercantile contracts in computing the period of a month the day from which the time is to begin to run is excluded, but in sentences of imprisonment the day on which the sentence begins is included, so that the numerically corresponding day in the month in which the sentence expires would be excluded.
In examining the myths of the gods we shall begin with the conceptions of the most backward tribes, and advance to the divine legends of the ancient civilized races.
Where the forest is less dense and small agricultural communities begin to make their appearance, the unit expands to the village with its headman.
In order to avenge her sister, Brunhilda incited Sigebert to begin a war which terminated in  with the assassination of Sigebert by Fredegond at the very moment when, thanks to the help of the Germans, he had gained the victory, and with the imprisonment of Brunhilda at Rouen.
To his great chagrin he was obliged to begin borrowing again in , and to have recourse to a,ffaires extraordinaires; and this brought him at last to his grave.
Here may be said to begin the great delta of the Niger, which, extending along the coast for about  m., and  or  m.
Having secured the unity of their territory in the Peninsula, the Catholic sovereigns were free to begin the work of expansion.
It was agreed that hostilities should cease on sea and, land, but that Spain should evacuate Cuba and Porto Rico pending the negotiations for a peace treaty which were to begin in Paris at the end of September .
It soon becomes apparent to the onlooker when the queen has joined the flying multitude of bees in the air, for they are seen to be closing up their ranks, and in a few moments begin to form a solid cluster, usually on the branch of a small tree or bush close to the ground.
Experience has also proved that, when alarmed, bees instinctively begin to fill their honey-sacs with food from the nearest store-cells as a safeguard against contingencies, and when so provided they are more amenable to interference.
Here he was able to pursue his own studies under the guidance of the Augustinians, and to begin those labours amongst the sick and poor which gained him in later life the title of "Apostle of Rome," besides paying nightly visits for prayer and meditations to the churches of the city and to the catacombs.
He overflows with anecdotes, seldom indeed gets beyond the anecdotal stage, yet from this all study of nature must begin; and he sees everywhere intelligence and beauty, love and sociality, where a later view of nature insists primarily on mere adaptation of interests or purely competitive struggles.
But it has been demonstrated again and again that, directly the company's interests begin to clash with those of foreign powers, the home government must assume a protectorate over its territories in order to simplify the situation and save perhaps disastrous collisions.
The Lower Palaeozoic systems begin with the Cambrian, which are found in northern Tasmania near Latrobe, and contain Cambrian fossils as Dikelocephalus Tasmanicus and Conocephalites stephensi.
We will begin with the Lyginodendreae, a group in which the anatomical characters indicated a systematic position between Ferns and Cycads, long before the reproductive organs were discovered.
We must begin by briefly considering this southern Palaeozoic province if we would trace the Mesozoic floras to their origin, and obtain a connected view of the vegetation of the globe as it existed in late Palaeozoic times and at the beginning of the succeeding era.
The next strata, the Aquila Creek series, contain a well-marked dicotyledonous flora, in which both the form and nervation of the leaves begin to approximate to those of recent times.
With the decay of the Seleucid power, weakened by Rome and Parthia, the old influx from the desert would recommence, and an Arabic element begin to show.
This second inquiry is specifically metaphysical in bearing, and the kind of answer furnished to it by Leibnitz on the one hand, by Berkeley on the other, is in fact prescribed or determined beforehand by the fundamental conception of the individualist method with which both begin their investigations.
Among the Murri of Gippsland, to begin with a backward people, the fire-stealer was a man, but he became a bird.
When Fred gets out of jail, we'll have to send him back to his old newspapersâ€”begin all over again.
Ethel raged on for sever­al minutes, listing in graphic detail exactly what she'd do to her partnerâ€”now ex-partnerâ€”until Dean managed to get her to agree to sign a complaint so the police could begin a quiet search.
Reading through the various messages I begin to feel a little trepidation at the possibility of getting a job in the US.
Radha's unhappiness results in an instant connection with Christopher and they begin a passionate affair that will change everyone's life forever.
The agents of the Kremlin begin to speak once more about the alliance of the democracies against the fascist aggressors.
Sideways movement of the stick moves the ailerons, causing the glider to bank and begin turning in the direction of the stick movement.
To begin with, how many realize the significance of the boxing and apparently aimless chasing that gives rise to the expression?
In Steve's third floor room our drunken antics begin with an attempt to throw the TV out of the window.
As we explore Mikumi we will begin to discover a totally different avifauna from the one that has gone before.
People cannot begin to understand what integrated avionics means until they sit in the cockpit of this aircraft and see it perform.
As you gradually awaken and become more alert, the peaks and valleys begin to shrink in size and are spaced closer together.
Learn to ballroom dance online " To begin learning how to ballroom dance online " To begin learning how to ballroom dance, click on the category of your choice.
Bryan Smith and Nana Badu will be able to enjoy their turkey, however, as they begin one and three-match bans respectively.
Provisional dates for pedigree beef cattle sales at Borderway begin on March  with Limousin bulls for the British Limousin Cattle Society.
