
Then she threw herself on the floor and began to swim so energetically that some of us thought we should be kicked out of our chairs!
Recognizing that the true aim of the scheme of church reform brought forward in parliament in  was to put down the only moral force that could withstand the royal will, he energetically opposed the reformation of abuses, which doubtless under other circumstances he would have been the first to accept.
Titanium dichloride, TiC  obtained by passing hydrogen over the trichloride at a dull red heat, is a very hygroscopic brown powder which inflames when exposed to air, and energetically decomposes water.
The victory of the Venetians off Chios (May , ) was a severe blow to the Turkish seapower, which Kuprili set himself energetically to repair.
The conclusions of Hellriegel and Wilfarth have thus been confirmed by the later experiences of Rothamsted, and since that time efforts have been directed energetically to the practical application of the discovery.
On this occasion he vindicated the sanctity of the temple by expelling Tobiah, reorganized the supplies for the Levites, took measures to uphold the observance of the Sabbath, and protested energetically against the foreign marriages.
Having been appointed to the command of the operations against Jugurtha, he at first carried on the campaign energetically, but soon, having been heavily bribed, concluded a disgraceful peace.
He attempted to prevent the creation of the Revolutionary Tribunal, but when called to the first Committee of Public Safety he worked on it energetically to organize the armies.
Of a headstrong temperament, Saisset as abbot energetically sustained the struggle with the counts of Foix, begun two centuries before, for the lordship of the city of Pamiers, which had been shared between the counts and abbots by the feudal contract of pariage.
Upon the advent of the Left to power, however, he accepted both gift and pension, and worked energetically upon the scheme for the Tiber embankment to prevent the flooding of Rome.
In Bavaria a chamber elected about the same time as that of Prussia was rather less docile; but the government shared to the full the absolutist tendencies of the day, and energetically combated the party which stood up for law and the constitution.
It is a greyish coloured solid, which combines very energetically with water to form the hydroxide, much heat being evolved during the combination; on heating to redness in a current of oxygen it combines with the oxygen to form the dioxide, which at higher temperatures breaks up again into the monoxide and oxygen.
At the beginning of the th century the dukes of Brunswick made a new settlement here, and under their directions the mining, which had been begun by the monks, was carried on more energetically.
Before the end of  Alexander had come to perceive the necessity of resisting him energetically in order to save Europe from complete subjection, and in August  he recognized that an armed conflict was inevitable.
Thereupon the British government, which had been for some time carrying on negotiations with the cabinet of St Petersburg for a delimitation of the Russo-Afghan frontier, intervened energetically and prepared for war; but a compromise was effected, and after more than two years of negotiation a delimitation convention was signed at St Petersburg on th July .
There are some who complain most energetically and inconsolably of any, because they are, as they say, doing their duty.
Lead that man away! said he quickly and energetically, and taking the arm of Pierre whom he had promoted to be a Frenchman for saving his life, he went with him into the room.
Most importantly, like most people with AD(H)D he would pursue energetically and conscientiously matters in which he had great interest.
Women's fashion in the springtime seems to want to wave goodbye as energetically as possible to the structured bundles of clothing and heavy layers that winter requires.
Although her Mars makes no major aspects, Linda Goodman's Mars in Gemini would have made her intellectually curious, nimble and energetically "quick".
Depretis, anxious only to avoid a policy of adventure, let slip whatever opportunity may have presented itself, and neglected even to deal energetically with the impotent but mischievous Italian agitation for a rectification of the Italo-Austrian frontier.
Energetically making use of this period of respite, he again issued the charter to the church, ordered his subjects to take a fresh oath of allegiance to him, and sent to the pope for aid; but neither these precautions, nor his expedient of taking the cross, deterred the barons from returning to the attack.
He energetically pressed the Panama prosecution, so much so that he was accused of having put wrongful pressure on the wife of one of the defendants in order to procure evidence.
It reacts most energetically with many organic compounds, removing the elements of water in many cases and leaving a carbonized mass.
Having thus freed themselves from Tatar control, the Moscow princes continued to carry out energetically their traditional policy of extending and consolidating their dominions at the expense of their less powerful relations.
England and France protested energetically and the treaty remained a dead letter, but the question came up again in , after Mahmud's renewed attempt to crush Mehemet Ali had ended in the utter defeat of the Turks by Ibrahim at Nezib (June , ).
He at first acted energetically, but was subsequently accused of having entered into partnership with the barbarians and was sentenced to death by the emperor.
In view of the severe monetary crisis of  he was entrusted by Crispi with the portfolio of finance (December ), and in spite of determined opposition dealt energetically and successfully with the deficit of more than £,, then existing in the exchequer.
The substantial education supplied by the parish schools, of which nearly the whole population could then avail themselves, had diffused through all ranks such a measure of intelligence as enabled them promptly to discern and skilfully and energetically to take advantage of this spring-tide of prosperity, and to profit by the agricultural information now plentifully furnished by means of the Bath and West of England Society, established in ; the Highland Society, instituted in ; and the National Board of Agriculture, in .
But he protested energetically against tlae loss of the pope's temporal power in , against the confiscation of the property of the religious orders, and against the law of civil marriage established by the Italian government, and he refused to welcome Victor Emmanuel in his diocese.
Under the long peace which followed the close of the Napoleonic wars, its trade gradually revived, fostered by the declaration of independence of South and Central America, with both of which it energetically opened close commercial relations, and by the introduction of steam navigation.
On the outbreak of the Franco-German War he worked energetically to impede the projected alliance with France, and to drive the Lanza cabinet to Rome.
On the Danube the amount was  millions, but this total bids fair, under normal conditions, to be easily passed, inasmuch as the work of developing the port of Bratislava, the construction of docks, warehouses and shipbuilding yards, was already proceeding energetically.
But whatever may have been his reasons, he ultimately became the leader of those who were energetically opposed to any addition to, or more stringent definition of, the powers which the Papacy had possessed for centuries.
It forms a grey brittle mass, having a conchoidal fracture; it is very deliquescent, combining very energetically with water to form caustic potash.
Protestant missionary societies have engaged energetically in the task not only of translating, but of printing, publishing and distributing the Scriptures.
He studied theology under Calvin and Beza at Geneva and, returning to the Netherlands in , threw himself energetically into the cause of the Reformation, taking an active part in the compromise of the nobles in  and the assembly of St Trond.
He energetically opposed the act of , which sought to settle the Clergy Reserves question by dividing the proceeds among the different religious denominations, the larger share still remaining with the Church of England.
In order to maintain his independence, he energetically repudiated all proposals that he should establish his residence in France or Germany, and once more took up his abode in Rome.
The papal legate Guido worked energetically on his behalf, several princes were persuaded to desert Philip and by the end of  his success seemed assured.
He worked energetically to put Paris in a state of defence and throughout the siege showed himself a master of the passive defensive.
Energetically pressing his candidature, he was chosen German king at Frankfort on the th or th of March , and crowned at Aix-la-Chapelle on the th of the same month, owing his election partly to his personal qualities, and partly to the fact that he united in himself the blood of the rival families of Welf and Waiblingen.
The Rattazzi cabinet fell before Sella could efficaciously provide for the deficit of £,, with which he was confronted; but in  he returned to the ministry of finance in the La Marmora cabinet, and dealt energetically with the deficit of £,, then existing.
Against this interpretation of the subsidy bill the already over-taxed lower estates protested so energetically that the Diet had to be suspended.
He sought to form the most intimate relations with the German Empire, but insisted on the independence of the Habsburg Monarchy, and energetically repulsed all efforts on the part of the German chancellery to set limits to that independence.
Hincmar energetically supported the policy of Charles the Bald in Lorraine, less perhaps from devotion to the king's interests than from a desire to see the whole of the ecclesiastical province of Reims united under the authority of a single sovereign, and in  it was he who consecrated Charles at Metz as king of Lorraine.
It slowly reacts with cold water to form phosphorous acid; but with hot water it is energetically decomposed, giving much red phosphorus or the suboxide being formed with an explosive evolution of spontaneously inflammable phosphoretted hydrogen; phosphoric acid is also formed.
For thirty-four years of increasing warfare this active the Fat and energetic king, this brave and persevering soldier, ( never spared himself, energetically policing the royal ).
From  to  the struggle against the English went on energetically; and the king, relieved in  of his evil genius, La Trmoille, then became a man once more, playing a kingly part under the guidance of Dunois, Richemont, La Hire and Saintrailles, leaders of worth on the field of battle.
So energetically do we pursue this aim that after crossing an unfordable river we burn the bridges to separate ourselves from our enemy, who at the moment is not Bonaparte but Buxhowden.
Released in , this energetically sensual and sexy scent arrives in a playful ribbon wrapped bottle, geared toward the college bound woman.
Still more striking is the fact that the friars threw themselves energetically into the cause of political reform, and that several of their leading brothers were the close friends and counsellors of Simon de Montfort.
His first act was to protest energetically against the murder of the duc d'Enghien (March , ), and insist on an immediate rupture with France.
Beyond the borders of France, at the time of the emperor Frederick II.s conflict with a papacy threatened in its temporal powers, though he made no response to Fredericks appeal to the civil authorities urging them to present a solid front against the pretensions of the Church, and though he energetically supported the latter, yet he would not admit her right to place kingdoms under interdict, and refused the imperial crown which Gregory IX.
