
Beloved wife of the late Jack, dearly loved mother of Denise, mother-in-law of David, and devoted grandma of Jamie and Samantha.
The dearly loved wife of the late Philip, devoted mother of Stewart, and much loved grandmother of Rebecca and Thomas.
Wife of the late Bert, dearly loved mother of John, mother-in-law of Di and much loved granny of Richard and Clare.
Much loved wife of the late Timothy, dearly loved mom of Carol, Brian and the late David, also a loving nan.
Beloved wife of the late Thomas Dickson, dearly loved mother of Dorothy and loving sister to Elizabeth, Janet, Agnes and James.
It is because my books are full of the riches of which Mr. Ruskin speaks that I love them so dearly.
This may mean you both move on and remain friends (after you've had some space) and it may mean that he loves you dearly, can't live without you, but just needed some time to realize that.
The standard beginning of the Question of Intention (Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today and so on…) harkens back to the Anglican Church and has remained virtually unchanged since .
Most women love jewelry, and what mother doesn't like to be reminded on a daily basis of those she loves dearly?
At any rate I do love him dearly and I will continue to be with him, but I just want to know if this guy truly has feelings for me or not.
You never want to go into the arena of sub-prime lenders unless you're really desperate, because you'll ay dearly for it.
This phrase means that you not only still love the person dearly, but that you will always love the person.
A curse on you who disrupt the master's plans; you will pay dearly when the time of reckoning finally arrives!
He wondered if this beautiful, loving, compassionate wife of his whom he loved so dearly, was really capable of killing another human being.
There are a lot of people in California who would pay dearly for a weekend or two away from the rat race.
Experience with epidemics, dearly bought in the past, has shown that one fruitful cause is the laying open to the inroads of some Fungus or insect, hitherto leading a quiet endemic life in the fields and forests, large tracts of its special food, along which it may range rampant without check to its dispersal, nutrition and reproduction.
He thus undoubtedly simplifies his system, and avoids the doubtful inferences from nature and Scripture in which Paley's position is involved; but this gain is dearly purchased.
Thank you mother, for your frugal years and taste in prosperous husbands though I paid dearly for number three before I took matters into my own hands.
This woman lying next to me whom I dearly loved deserved protection and I was ill equipped to provide it.
He was the dearly loved husband of Dorothy, much loved father of Clifford, father-in-law of Jane, and the dearest grandfather of Martin and Samantha.
Also I am totally flabbergasted that SCCC would accept this shoddy piece of programming which could cost them dearly in terms of lost subscriptions.
Beloved wife of Albert, dearly loved mother of Lawrie and Patricia, a much loved gran and great gran of the family.
Beloved husband of the late Bud, much loved brother of Marion and a dearly loved uncle and pappy to the family.
Gregory XI., though equally distinguished for his erudition and pure morals, his piety, modesty and wisdom, was fated to Gregory Xl., pay dearly for the weakness of his predecessor in -.
But I'm afraid you cannot rule the Emerald City, as you used to, because we now have a beautiful Princess whom everyone loves dearly.
Understandably, many pet owners are hesitant to allow the dog that they love so dearly to be placed under anesthesia and face the possibility of imminent death.
And although there are many in the video game industry who would dearly love for adult video games to disappear quietly under the carpet, they are a historical fact that cannot be ignored.
Gaston de Foix bought a doubtful victory dearly with his death; and the allies, though beaten on the banks of the Ronco, immediately afterwards expelled the French from Lombardy.
On the th of October the Dundee brigade vigorously and successfully attacked Talana Hill, and drove back Lukas Meyer, but this success was dearly bought.
The next step was to secure, by permanent political institutions, the independence which had been so dearly purchased; and, accordingly, on the th of August  the constitution of Colombia was adopted with general approbation, Bolivar himself being president, and Santander vice-president.
It is easier and, in one sense, it is more impressive to make a peremptory and exclusive statement, and to refuse to allow any place beside it to divergent expositions; but this show of clearness and power is dearly purchased at the cost of the ennobling conviction that the whole truth is far greater than our individual minds.
The Dutch army, it is said, never recovered from the slaughter of Malplaquet; indeed, the success was so dearly bought that the allies found themselves soon afterwards out of all condition to undertake anything.
He read prayers on Wednesdays and Fridays to himself and his clerk, beginning the exhortation "Dearly beloved Roger, the Scripture moveth you and me in sundry places."
Great reforming ministers would do well to recollect that the success of even liberal measures may be dearly purchased by the resort to what are regarded as unconstitutional expedients.
I love you very dearly, because you have taught me so many lovely things about flowers, and birds, and people.
Some time ago, when a policeman shot dead her dog, a dearly loved daily companion, she found in her forgiving heart no condemnation for the man; she only said, 'If he had only known what a good dog she was, he wouldn't have shot her.'
Though countless have paid for me, never has a man risked paying so dearly for my body; his honor, his reputation, his family and even his soul.
Alexander's conduct caused renewed intervention; in  he was defeated at Cynoscephalae by the Thebans, although the victory was dearly bought by the loss of Pelopidas, who fell in the battle.
The Magyars had, however, to pay dearly for this crowning victory, the hero dying of plague in his camp three weeks later (th August ).
The settlement which he thereby imposed was in many ways excellent; but it was dearly purchased by the complete ascendancy of Bonaparte in all important affairs, and by the claim for the services of a considerable contingent of Swiss troops which he thereafter rigorously enforced.
The Jews were considered as deriving all their privileges from the hand of the king, and every privilege was dearly bought.
Bunyan's works were coarse, indeed, but they showed a keen mother wit, a great command of the homely mother tongue, an intimate knowledge of the English Bible, and a vast and dearly bought spiritual experience.
One of Alexander III.'s first acts was to confirm " the constitution which was granted to the grand-duchy of Finland by His Majesty the emperor Alexander Pavlovich of most glorious memory, and developed with the consent of the estates of Finland by our dearly beloved father of blessed memory the emperor Alexander Nicolaievich."
