
Well guys, I hate to leave such good company, but I'm so tired that I can hardly keep my eyes open.
Brady made love to her with passion and tenderness, a combination that made her fall even harder for the side of him that had kept her company for weeks and protected her.
The Ouray Rescue Squad held an annual fund raising breakfast each Fourth of July, enabling the Deans to share an early meal of eggs, sausage, and fixings in the company of friends and neighbors.
Maria, ever smiling, joined them at the table, looking from one to the other as they spoke, understanding little but enjoying their company and thrilled with their praise.
While the Ouray winters were far less severe that one might think, they did have a way of wearing out their welcome, like company that won't go home.
An overseas bank account in the company name contained a balance of one million dollars as startup funds for us to secure quarters for the enterprise.
The Deans found themselves alone on the front porch, with only Mrs. Lincoln for company, as Fred was off to the library for more research.
God is alone--but the devil, he is far from being alone; he sees a great deal of company; he is legion.
She returned to the desk and scoured the paperwork for some sort of identifying information on the place she'd been or the company that developed the forms.
Not that she wouldn't mind some company; the house was too quiet this morning, and her memories refused to leave her in peace.
They had dined at an expensive restaurant, at Fred's booking and in his company, when the only connection between them was Detective Dean investigating her husband's disappearance.
I've grown to think kindly of her these last weeks as I've spent much time in her company, though mostly she sleeps and our talk is only of trifles.
Sarah continued her protest until Jackson admonished her, "What have we said about whining in front of company, you know it's not polite."
I never intended to be a salesman all my life, and the company hasn't been the same since it changed hands.
She'd turned from the sweet, open Angel who kept him company on dark nights to a stranger who wanted nothing to do with him.
World Wide Insurance Company was in the heart of Philadelphia, occupying a towering structure that glared down on city hall and a thousand tired buildings, many dating back to the horse-drawn carriage days.
World Wide will take care of the company car, but Jeff's luggage—his clothes and stuff—could you possibly bring them back?
Bad enough the kitty has to suffer without any good country music to listen to, now she doesn't have any company either.
Fred O'Connor, in the company of Emma Blanding, was pass­ing out coffee and hot chocolate to the grateful line of chilled cyclists.
I really enjoyed your company and I shouldn't have—I didn't mourn my husband near as much as he deserved.
The second governorship of Clive was marked by the transfer of the diwani or financial administration from the Mogul emperor to the Company, and by the enforcement of stringent regulations against the besetting sin of peculation.
The two cables to Holland and one of the cables to Germany were already the property of Great Britain, and the German Union Company's cable to Germany was purchased by the German government.
The principal passenger steamers sailing from the port are those of the Royal Mail Steam Packet Company for the West Indies and the Pacific (via Panama) and for Brazil and the River Plate, &c., and the Union-Castle line for the Cape of Good Hope, Natal, East Africa, &c., both of which companies have their headquarters here.
A new judicial office was created in the name of the Company, to which Sir Elijah Impey was appointed, though he never consented to draw the additional salary offered to him.
The rights of the Six Nations to all this territory were purchased at Albany, New York, by the Susquehanna Company in , but the work of colonization was delayed for a time by the Seven Years' War.
A few colonists sent out by the Susque hanna Company settled at Mill Creek near the present site of  In place of De Forest Richards, deceased.
He took part in the agitation for the First Crusade, and started in the duke's company for Palestine, but died on the way, at Palermo (February ).
The new pope, Gelasius II., and also his successor, Calixtus II., espoused the cause of the stubborn archbishop, and in October , in spite of promises made to Henry I., he was consecrated by Calixtus at Reims. Enraged at this the king refused to allow him to enter England, and he remained for some time in the company of the pope.
By this time he had ceased to devote himself to pure mathematics, and in company with his friends Mersenne and Mydorge was deeply interested in the theory of the refraction of light, and in the practical work of grinding glasses of the best shape suitable for optical instruments.
His father, Arthur van Sittart (-), and his grandfather, Peter van Sittart (-), were both wealthy merchants and directors of the Russia company.
Peter, a merchant adventurer, who had migrated from Danzig to London about , was also a director of the East India company.
Practically all the company's servants were traders in their private capacity, and as they claimed various privileges and exemptions this system was detrimental to the interests of the native princes and gave rise to an enormous amount of corruption.
His conduct was attacked before the board of directors in London, but events seemed to prove that he was in the right, and in  he became a director of the company, having in the previous year obtained a seat in parliament.
The first steel plant in the southern states was established at Birmingham in ; in , at Ensley, one of the suburbs, there were  furnaces controlled by one company.
The maritime traffic is largely conducted by the steamers of the subsidized Austrian-Lloyd company, Trieste being the principal commercial centre; the coasting trade is carried on by small Greek and Turkish sailing vessels.
On the final overthrow of the peshwa in , Dharwar was incorporated with the territory of the East India Company.
Immediately on the‘ formation of the Canadian Pacific railway company branch lines were begun at Winnipeg and there are eight radial lines running from this centre to all parts of the country.
From  to  Lord Selkirk's attempted colonization greatly increased the population; from the time of his failure till  the settlers lived quietly under the mild rule of the Hudson's Bay Company.
It was devised by the Hudson's Bay Company for carrying freight, as a substitute for the less serviceable canoe, and was named after their York factory, the centre to which the traders brought down the furs for shipment to England and from which they took back merchandise and supplies to the interior of Rupert's Land.
The steam mains to the houses are laid by the supply company; the internal pipes and fittings are paid for or rented by the occupier, costing for an installation from £ for an ordinary eight-roomed house to £Ioo or more for larger buildings.
Denver had already been incorporated by a provisional local (extra legal) " legislature," and the Kansas legislature gave a charter to a rival company which the Denver people bought out.
A small company had been accustomed to meet in the lodging of the sieur de la Ferriere in Paris near the Pre-auxCleres.
In  the United Kingdom Telegraph Company began a competition with the other companies on the basis of a is.
Even the London District Telegraph Company, which was formed in  for the purpose of transmitting telegraph messages between points in metropolitan London, found that a low uniform rate was not financially practicable.
On the British side the question of constructing an Atlantic cable was engaging the attention of the Magnetic Telegraph Company and its engineer Mr (afterwards Sir) Charles Bright.
Visiting England in , Field entered into an agreement with Bright and with John Watkins Brett, who with his brother Jacob had proposed the constructing of an Atlantic cable eleven years previously, with the object of forming a company for establishing and working electric telegraphic communication between Newfoundland and Ireland.
The Atlantic Telegraph Company was duly registered in , with a capital of £,, the great bulk of which was subscribed in England.
The Atlantic Telegraph Company was reconstituted as the AngloAmerican Telegraph Company with a capital of f, and sufficient cable was ordered not only to lay a line across the ocean but also to complete the  cable.
Thus on the st of March  the undertaking of the Submarine Telegraph Company was purchased by the governments concerned.
The offices of the Submarine Company in London, Dover, Ramsgate, East Dean and Jersey were purchased by the Post Office, as well as the cable ship; and the staff,  in number, was taken over by the government.
In  a contract was made with the Eastern and South Africa Telegraph Company for the construction, laying and maintenance of a cable from Zanzibar to the Seychelles and Mauritius, a distance of  m., for a subsidy of £, a year for twenty years.
In  the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company laid a cable from Singapore to Labuan and Hong Kong, thus duplicating the route and making it an all-British line.
The service which the government and the colonies desire is one which neither the Eastern Telegraph Company nor any other private enterprise is prepared to undertake on terms which can be considered in comparison with the terms upon which it can be provided by the associated governments."
It was found to be peculiarly adapted for communication between ships at sea and between ship and shore, and a system of regular supermarine communication was put into operation by two limited companies, Marconi's Wireless Telegraph Company and the Marconi International Marine Communication Company.
As the power station at Poldhu was then fully occupied with the business of long distance transmission to ships, the Marconi Company began to erect another large power station to Marconi's designs at Clifden in Connemara on the west coast of Ireland.
The inventions of Slaby, Braun and others were put into practice by a German wireless telegraph company, and very much work done in erecting land stations and equipping ships.
In England, in addition to the Marconi Company, the Lodge-Muirhead Syndicate was formed to operate the inventions of Sir Oliver Lodge and Dr Muirhead.
Speech has been habitually transmitted for business purposes over a distance of . m., viz., over the lines of the American Telegraph and Telephone Company from Omaha to Boston.
The company's appeal against the decision was withdrawn, the Postmaster-General agreeing to grant licences for restricted areas of about  m.
The United Telephone Company asked parliament for rights of way in streets but was refused, and its only right to place overhead wires was obtained by private wayleaves.
The National Telephone Company applied to the London County Council for permission to lay wires underground and continued efforts till  to obtain this power, but without success.
The duke of Marlborough, in the name of the New Telephone Company, inaugurated a campaign for cheaper telephone services, but the New Telephone Company was subsequently merged in the National Telephone Company.
The National Telephone Company again applied to parliament for powers to lay wires underground; public discontent with inadequate telephone services was expressed, and at the same time the competition of the telephone with the Post Office telegraph became more manifest.
The draft agreement between the government and the National Telephone Company to carry out the policy of  was submitted to parliament and led to much discussion.
The trunk wires were transferred to the Post Office in pursuance of the policy of , but for all practical purposes the local authorities had vetoed the permission of the government to the company to lay wires underground.
The government had an option to purchase the plant of the company under the licences of , but did not exercise it.
The licence of the National Telephone Company was extended so as to be co-extensive with that of a competitive licence for any locality on condition that the company should afford intercommunication with the telephone systems of the new licensees.
In short, all-round competition was authorized, and the Post Office decided to establish a telephone system in London in competition with the company.
The Telegraph Act , while providing for intercommunication between the telephone systems of the local authorities and the company, did not give the Post Office the right to demand intercommunication between its exchanges and those of the company.
The Post Office co-operated with the London County Council to put difficulties in the way of the company which had placed wires underground in London with the consent of the local road authorities.
In February the Postmaster-General applied for an injunction to restrain the company from opening any street or public road within the county of London without the consent of the Postmaster - General and the London County Council, which injunction was granted in July.
The government policy of  was abandoned in London, the Post Office making an agreement with the company in regard to the London business.
The company consented to free intercommunication between its subscribers and those of the Post Office, and undertook to charge rates identical with those charged by the Post Office.
The Postmaster-General on the other hand agreed to provide underground wires for the company on a rental, and agreed to buy in  the company's plant in London at the cost of construction less allowance for repairs and depreciation.
The government contracted to buy the company's plant in , thus in effect annulling the act of  which had failed to accomplish its object of establishing all-round competition.
The Tunbridge Wells and Swansea municipal undertakings were subsequently sold to the National Telephone Company, and the Glasgow and Brighton undertakings to the Post Office.
The effect of the unsettled policy of the Post Office until  and of the difficulties created by the local authorities was that the National Telephone Company was never able to do its best to develop the enterprise on the most efficient lines.
In  there were only  telephone subscribers in London and less than io, in the rest of the United Kingdom, and telephonic services were available in only about  towns, while in the same year the American Bell Telephone Company had over , subscribers.
Large as this progress was it would have been much greater if the Telephone Company had been granted adequate powers to put wires underground and thus instal a complete metallic circuit in place of the single wire, earthreturn, circuit which it was constrained to employ.
By this agreement the Postmaster-General agreed to purchase all plant, land and buildings of the National Telephone Company in use at the date of the agreement or constructed after that date in accordance with the specification and rules contained in the agreement, subject to the right of the Postmaster-General to object to take over any plant not suited to his requirements.
In those cases in which the company's licence has been extended beyond  (Glasgow to , Swansea to , Brighton to  and Portsmouth to ) the Postmaster-General will buy the unexpired licence with allowance for goodwill.
The Postmaster-General agreed also to buy the private wire plant of the company at a value based upon three years' purchase of the net profits on the average of the three years ending st of December .
The Postmaster-General also agreed to lay underground wires for the company at an annual rental of L per mile of double wire in any local area in which the company was operating, but not in areas in which the municipalities had established exchanges.
Free intercommunication was established by the agreement between the subscribers of the company and those of the Post Office, and a scale of charges was adopted or arranged to be agreed as binding on both the Post Office and the company.
Gaine, general manager of the company, stated before the Select Committee that in the view of the directors the bargain was a hard one, because it gave no consideration in respect of the goodwill of the great business, with its gross income of over £ ,, per annum and its net revenue of over £,, which the company had built up. The company had had to pay for all the experiments and mistakes which are inherent in the launching and development of any new industry.
The Association of Municipal Corporations and the London County Council, on the other hand, considered the terms of purchase to be too favourable to the company.
The London County Council, according to the statement of its comptroller, was disturbed by the hope expressed by the manager of the company, that the holders of the company's ordinary shares would obtain the par value of their shares in .
Inasmuch as the debenture stocks and preference shares would have to be redeemed in  at premiums ranging from  to  per cent., the state would have to pay the company £, in excess of the total of the outstanding securities in order to enable the ordinary shares to receive par, and in the council's view this payment would diminish the p robability of the Post Office being able to afford a substantial reduction in the telephone charges.
The bulk of the sulphur mines are in Sicily, while the majority of the lead and zinc mines are in Sardinia; much of the lead smelting is done at Pertusola, near Genoa, the company formed for this purpose having acquired many of the Sardinian mines.
The army consists of  three-battalion regiments of infantry of the line and  of bersaglieri (riflemen), each of the latter having a cyclist company (Bersaglieri cyclist battalions are being () provisionally formed);  regiments of cavalry, of which  are lancers, each of  squadrons;  regiments of artillery, each of  batteries; I I regiment of horse artillery of  batteries; I of mountain artillery of  batteries, and  independent mountain batteries.
The first Italian who formed an exclusively Italian company was Alberico da Barbiano, a nobleman of Romagna, and founder of the Milanese house of Belgiojoso.
The rivalry between these two officials in Tunisia contributed not a little to strain FrancoItalian relations, but it is doubtful whether France would have precipitated her action had not General Menabrea, Italian ambassador in London, urged his government to purchase the Tunis-Goletta railway from the English company by which it had been constructed.
In April  he was impeached once more by the Commons for having received a bribe of  guineas to procure the new charter for the East India Company.
Meanwhile his servant, who was said to have been the intermediary between the duke and the Company in the transaction, fled the country; and no evidence being obtainable to convict, the proceedings fell to the ground.
Mr. Henderson visited Paris in the company of Mr. Ramsay Macdonald to discuss the situation with Labour over there, but found that neither French, nor Belgian, nor Italian, nor American Labour was disposed to join.
At the same time Musha Island, at the entrance to the Gulf of Tajura, was bought by the British " for ten bags of rice," Bab Island, in the same gulf, and Aubad Island, off Zaila, were also purchased, the object of the East India Company being to obtain a suitable place " for the harbour of their ships without any prohibition whatever."
Lancaster is served by the Hocking Valley, the Columbus & Southern and the Cincinnati & Muskingum Valley (Pennsylvania Lines) railways, and by the electric line of the Scioto Valley Traction Company, which connects it with Columbus.
Among the manufactures are agricultural implements, watches and watch material - the Illinois Watch Company has a large factory here - lumber, flour, foundry and machine-shop products, automobiles, shoes and boilers.
The North-West Company of Montreal occupied the northern part of Alberta district before the Hudson's Bay Company succeeded in coming from Hudson Bay to take possession of it.
The first hold of the Athabasca region was gained by Peter Pond, who, on behalf of the North-West Company of Montreal, built Fort Athabasca on river La Biche in .
Legislative sanction was, however, given to the establishment of the Sierra Leone Company, for the colonization of a district on the west coast of Africa and the discouragement of the slave trade there.
He was now free to follow his own course of studies and began to lose his love for company, unless it were with those who were drawn like himself to religion.
The company in Savannah met every Wednesday evening "in order to a free conversation, begun and ended with singing and prayer.
From  to  he was professor of law and general politics in the East India Company's College at Haileybury.
The steamers of the Irrawaddy Flotilla Company call here regularly, and it is the starting-point for the vessels plying on the Chindwin.
As early as  a company of Jewish converts in Spain, at the head of which were Paul de Heredia, Vidal de Saragossa de Aragon, and Davila, published compilations of Kabbalistic treatises to prove from them the doctrines of Christianity.'
It proved as great a drain upon his purse as it had proved to the crown, and he willingly parted with it to the so-called " Western Company," afterwards incorporated with the great Company of the Indies.
The Law company eventually came to an end fatal to its creditors in France, but its misfortunes did not check the prosperity of " Louisiana."
For the renewal of its privileges in  the company finally agreed to give the state $,, yearly, and despite strenuous opposition by a powerful party the legislature voted a renewal, but this measure was vetoed by the governor.
The first exports from the Daiquiri district were made by an American company in ; the Nipe (Cagimaya) mines became prominent in promise in .
After the first American occupation a private company built a line from Santa Clara to Santiago, more than half the length of the island, finally connecting its two ends ().
Lovejoy at Niagara Falls, who passed atmospheric air, or air enriched with oxygen, about a high tension arc made as long as possible; but the company (the Atmospheric Products Company) was a failure.
After  the Mining Company of Bosnia began to develop the coal and iron fields; and from  its operations were continued by the government.
Below him ranked the newly converted Moslem aristocracy, who adopted the dress, titles and etiquette of the Turkish court, without relinquishing their language or many of their old customs. They dwelt in fortified towns or castles, where the vali was only admitted on sufferance for a few days; and, at the outset, they formed a separate military caste, headed by  kapetans - landholders exercising unfettered authority over their retainers and Christian serfs, but bound, in return, to provide a company of mounted troops for the service of their sovereign.
The systems of guarantee above described are clearly faulty, since theoretically the railway company which ran no trains at all would, up to the limit of its guarantee, make the largest profits.
The Anatolian railway company, apparently unable to handle the concession above described, initiated fresh negotiations which resulted in the Bagdad railway convention (March , ).
But the Bagdad Railway Company' (the share capital of which is £, half paid up), naturally anxious to earn the whole of the capitalized subvention, completed the construction of the entire  kilometres.
The outside cost of construction of the first section, which lies entirely in the plains of Konia, is estimated to have been £,; the company retained, therefore, a profit of at least I'  millions sterling on this first part of the enterprise.
On the nd of June  a fresh convention was signed between the government and the Bagdad Railway Company providing, on the same financial basis, for the extension of the line from Bulgurlu to Helif and of the construction of a branch from Tel-Habesh to Aleppo, covering a total aggregate length of approximately  kilometres, The principle of equal sections of  kilometres was thus set on one side.
It should be mentioned that the Bagdad Railway Company has sublet the working of the line to the Anatolian Railway Company at the rate of £ per kilometre, as against the £ per kilometre guaranteed by the Turkish government The line from Mustafa-Pasha to Vakarel now lies in the kingdom of Bulgaria.
The National Bank of Turkey (a limited Ottoman Company) is a purely British concern with a capital of £,,, founded by imperial firman of the th of April , under the auspices of Sir Ernest Cassel.
In  Catherine made a triumphal progress through the Crimea in company with her ally, Joseph II., who had succeeded to the imperial throne on the death of his mother.
The financial arrangement as finally agreed upon was that German financiers should control % of the capital of the line; French (through the Imperial Ottoman Bank), %; Austrian, Swiss, Italian and Turkish, %; and the Anatolian Railway Company, io %.
She spent the summer at the chateau with a brilliant company; in the autumn she journeyed to Italy accompanied by Schlegel and Sismondi, and there gathered the materials of her most famous work, Corinne.
Cleveland is the headquarters of the largest shoddy mills in the country (value of product, , $ ,  ,), makes much clothing (, $ ,  , ), manu factures a large portion of the chewing gum made in the United States, and is the site of one of the largest refineries of the Standard Oil Company.
A trading post was established at the mouth of the Cuyahoga river as early as , but the place was not permanently settled until , when it was laid out as a town by Moses Cleaveland (-), who was then acting as the agent of the Connecticut Land Company, which in the year before had purchased from the state of Connecticut a large portion of the Western Reserve.
There was a less violent street car strike in , after the assumption of control by the Municipal Traction Company, which refused to raise wages according to promises made (so the employees said) by the former owner of the railway; the strikers were unsuccessful.
Bowness lies at the head of a small bay, is served by the lake-steamers of the Furness Railway Company, and is a favourite yachting, boating, fishing and tourist centre.
The Drapers' Company has given £,o towards building a library, in addition to previous donations to the engineering department and the scholarship fund of the college.
A gas company, first incorporated in , supplies the city as well as Llandaff and Penarth with gas, but the corporation also supplies electric power both for lighting and working the tramways, which were purchased from a private company in .
The Bute trustees in  acquired the Glamorgan canal and its dock, and in the following year obtained an act for vesting their various docks and the canal in a company now known as the Cardiff Railway Company.
In  the Dowlais Iron Company (now Messrs Guest, Keen & Nettlefold, Ltd.) acquired here some ninety acres on which were built four blast furnaces and six Siemens' smelting furnaces.
A frank opponent of the extremist policy of Charles X., he tried to save him in ; in company with Antoine d'Argout he visited the Tuileries and persuaded the king to withdraw the ordinances and to summon the Council.
A considerable trade is carried on in the export of horses, buffaloes, goats, dinding (dried flesh), skins, birds' nests, wax, rice, katyang, sappanwood, &c. Sumbawa entered into treaty relations with the Dutch East India Company in .
In the autumn of this year he received a visit 'at Vailima from the countess of Jersey, in company with whom and some others he wrote the burlesque extravagance in prose and verse, called An Object of Pity, privately printed in  at Sydney.
In  Daniel Greysolon, Sieur du Lhut (Duluth), as agent for a company of Canadian merchants which sought to establish trading posts on the Lakes, explored the country from the head of Lake Superior to Mille Lacs and planted the arms of Louis XIV.
The new Kuhwarderbasin, on the left bank of the river, as well as two other large dock basins (now leased to the Hamburg-American Company), raise the number of basins to twelve in all.
It still retains the proud distinction of being unbridged, and still the River Flotilla Company appoints its steamers at regular intervals to visit all the chief ports on its banks as far as Dibrugarh.
In  a concession for a new canal and harbour was granted to a company, and five years later the new port was formally opened.
Huntington is served by three railways - the Wabash, the Erie (which has car shops and division headquarters here) and the Cincinnati, Bluffton & Chicago (which has machine shops here), and by the Fort Wayne & Wabash Valley Traction Company, whose car and repair shops and power station are in Huntington.
Vulcanized rubber overshoes were first made in Naugatuck, and in  the Goodyear's Metallic Rubber Shoe Company was established here.
In , immediately after Plymouth had conveyed the "Neck" to a company of four, the village was laid out; the following year, in anticipation of future commercial importance, the township and the village were named Bristol, from the town in England.
In  Mr Ross and Sir John Murray were granted a lease, but on the further discovery of phosphatic deposits they disposed of their rights in  to a company.
One stirring social incident at least marked this part of his life, for, during the revolutionary insurrection in March , the young mathematician, as a member of a company of student volunteers, kept guard in the royal palace from  o'clock on the morning of the th of March till  o'clock on the afternoon of the following day.
There are coalmines, several ironworks - one is among the largest in Scotland - and, on the sandhills along the shore, the works of Nobel's Explosives Company, which cover an area of a mile, the separatehut principle being adopted to minimize the risks attendant upon so dangerous an occupation.
The series of trunk lines terminating at the port of Santos are owned by private companies and are formed by the Sao Paulo, Paulista and Mogyana lines, the first owned by an English company, and the other two by Brazilian companies.
The use of tramways for the transportation of passengers in cities dates from , when the first section of the Botanical Garden line of Rio de Janeiro was opened to traffic. The line was completed with its surplus earnings and continued under the control of the American company which built it until , when it was sold to a Brazilian company.
At Para connexion is made with the cable laid in the bed of the Amazon to Manaos, which is owned and operated by a subsidized English company.
On the rd of February  the government completed a new contract with the Lloyd Brazileiro Company for its coastwise and river service, and included clauses providing for a line to the United States.
Its organization consists of  battalions of infantry with one transport and one depot company,  regiments of cavalry of  squadrons each,  regiments of field artillery with  batteries and  battalions of heavy artillery with  batteries, and two battalions of engineers.
In  a rival company was started in Portugal known as the Brazil Company, which sent out a fleet to help the colonists in Pernambuco.
The Brazilian Company founded by Vieyra, which so materially contributed to preserve its South American possessions to Portugal, had been abolished in  by John V.; but such an instrument being well suited to the bold spirit of Pombal, he established a chartered company again in , to trade exclusively with Maranhao and Para; and in , in spite of the remonstrance of the British Factory at Lisbon, formed another company for Parahyba and Pernambuco.
The corporation has acquired the gas-works, the cable tramways (leased to a company), the electric lighting of the streets, and the water-supply from the Pentlands (reinforced by additional sources in the Moorfoot Hills and Talla Water).
Its wards, in which nearly ten thousand patients receive treatment annually, are lodged in a series of turreted pavilions, and cover a large space of ground on the margin of the Meadows, from which, to make room for it, George Watson's College - the most important of the Merchant Company schools - was removed to a site farther west, while the Sick Children's hospital was moved to the southern side of the Meadows.
The records of the Levant (Turkey) Company, which maintained an important agency here till , contain curious information as to the local Dere Beys.
So, the better to repress them, it created in  a chief of the police, with the title of esecutore, and a numerous association of popolani - the company or casata grande of the people - as bulwarks against the nobles, who had been recalled from banishment, and who, though fettered by strict regulations, were now eligible for offices of the state.
Among the wool-carders - men of the lowest class, dwelling in the precipitous lanes about the Porta Ovile - there was an association styling itself the "company of the worm."
A treaty, concluded on the th of April , guaranteed the raja's territory; but he became bound to pay £, as indemnity to the East India Company.
The fortifications were dismantled, the hostile chief being deported to Benares, and an infant son of the former raja installed under a treaty favourable to the company.
In the spring of  he travelled, in company with a student named Brix, through London to Oxford, where he studied for two years, gaining his livelihood by giving lessons on the violin and the flute.
One of the first provincial factories and consulates of the British Turkey (Levant) Company was established there in the reign of James I.; and a British agent had been in residence there even in Elizabeth's time.
This state of things led to the suspension of the British consulate by the Turkey Company in ; and it was not revived till , after which date till  it was maintained jointly by the East India Company.
In  Francis George Farewell, formerly a lieutenant in the British navy, with other merchants of Cape Town, formed a company to trade with the natives of the southeast coast.
Farewell & Company entire and full possession in perpetuity " of a tract of land including " the port or harbour of Natal."
He made several voyages to the White Sea and to places in northern Russia, and in  entered the service of the Danish Icelandic Company, then in its prime.
There is ample water power, and there are manufactures of paper, sash and blinds, fibre, &c. From a dam here power is derived for the General Electric Company at Schenectady.
In company with his two patrons Gerbert visited Rome, where the pope, hearing of his proficiency in music and astronomy, induced him to remain in Italy, and introduced him to the emperor Otto I.
In  a concession to a number of Hollander and German capitalists of all rights to make railways led to the formation of the Netherlands Railway Company.
This company, which was not actually floated till , was destined to exercise a disastrous influence upon the fortunes of the state.
On the rd of March, after various raids and adventures in company with Smuts and Kemp, De la Rey, the lion of the western Transvaal, essayed an attack upon Lichtenburg, in which he was heavily repulsed.
Of minerals containing this element mention may be made of cassiterite or tinstone, Sn, tin pyrites, Cu  SnS  + (Fe,Zn)  SnS ; the metal also occurs in some epidotes, and in company with columbium, tantalum and other metals.
The oyster fisheries are important, and are managed by a very ancient gild, the Company of Free Dredgermen of the Hundred and Manor of Faversham.
The prosperity of the town has been revived in modern times by the establishment by the railway company of a branch line from Sittingbourne in connexion with a service of mail and passenger steamers to Flushing (Holland), which run twice daily.
He was intended for the bar, but was employed by Colbert, who had determined on the foundation of a French East India Company, to draw up an explanatory account of the project for Louis XIV.
States for a revision of what is known as the Olcott Award in connexion with the Orinoco Steamship Company was in  met by a refusal to reopen the case.
Pittston, named in honour of William Pitt, earl of Chatham, was one of the five original towns founded in the Wyoming Valley by the Susquehanna Company of Connecticut; it was first settled about  and was incorporated as a borough in .
The noise of the ship's guns, as the company sails off, wakes the poet to the real pleasures of a May morning.
Actively interested with Cyrus Field in the laying of the first Atlantic cable, he was president of the New York, Newfoundland & London Telegraph Company, and his frequent cash advances made the success of the company possible; he was president of the North American Telegraph Company also, which controlled more than one-half of the telegraph lines of the United States.
His visiting espionage, as unkind critics put it - his secret diplomatic mission, as he would have liked to have it put himself - began in the summer of , and he set out for it in company with a certain Madame de Rupelmonde, to whom he as usual made love, taught deism and served as an amusing travelling companion.
But there his stay was equally short, for in  he undertook the duties of engineering manager in the glass manufactories of Messrs Chance Brothers and Company at Birmingham.
The principal terminus of the Great Eastern Railway is in Liverpool Street (City), but the company also uses Fenchurch Street (City), the terminus of the London, Tilbury & Southend railway, and St Pancras.
This company combines with the Metropolitan District to form the Inner Circle line, which has stations close to all the great railway termini north of the Thames.
Experiments on a short section of the line were made in , and later schemes were set on foot to electrify the District system and bring under one general control this railway, other lines in deep level " tubes " between Baker Street and Waterloo, between Charing Cross, Euston and Hampstead, and between Hammersmith, Brompton, Piccadilly, King's Cross and Finsbury Park, and the London United Tramways Company.
The Underground Electric Railways Company, which acquired a controlling influence over these concerns, undertook the construction of a great power station at Chelsea; while the Metropolitan Company, which had fallen into line with the District (not without dispute over the system of electrification to be adopted) erected a station at Neasden on the Aylesbury branch.
The former company combined with the Great Western Company as regards the electrification of, and provision of stock for, the lines which they had previously worked jointly, from Edgware Road by Bishop's Road to Hammersmith, &c. The Baker Street & Waterloo railway (known as the " Bakerloo ") was opened in  and subsequently extended in one direction to Paddington and in the other to the Elephant and Castle.
The London, Westminster and Vauxhall Steamboat Company established in  a service of seven steamboats between London Bridge and Vauxhall.
The City Steamboat Company, established in , began with eight boats, and by  had increased their fleet to seventeen, running from London Bridge to Chelsea.
The sinking of the " Princess Alice " in  was a serious blow to the London Steamboat Company, which collapsed, and was succeeded by the River Thames Steamboat Navigation Company, which went into liquidation in .
The Thames Steamboat Company then took up the service, but early in  announced that it would be discontinued, although in  it was temporarily resumed.
A large pleasure traffic is maintained by the steamers of the New Palace Company and others in summer between London Bridge and Southend, Clacton and Harwich, Ramsgate, Margate and other resorts of the Kent coast, and Calais and Boulogne.
The National Telephone Company, working under licence expiring on the st of December , had until  practically a monopoly of telephonic communication within London, though the Post Office owned all the trunk lines connecting the various telephone areas of the company.
The company's management did not give satisfaction, and the use of the telephone was consequently restricted in the metropolis, when in  a Select Committee on Telephones reported that " general immediate and effective " competition by either the government or local authority was necessary to ensure efficient working.
The Chelsea Water Company opened its supply from the Thames in ; the Lambeth waterworks were erected in ; the Vauxhall Company was established in , the West Middlesex, near Hammersmith, and the East London on the river Lea in , the Kent on the Ravensbourne (Deptford) in , the Grand Junction in , and the Southwark (which amalgamated with the Vauxhall) in .
During these periods other companies had a surplus of water, and in  an act was passed providing for the interconnexion of systems. The Thames and Lea are the principal sources of supply, but the Kent and (partially) the New River Company draw supplies from springs.
Gas-lighting was introduced on one side of Pall Mall in , and in  the Gas Light & Coke Company received a charter, and developed gas-lighting in Westminster.
Wasteful competition ensued until in  an agreement was made between the companies to restrict their services to separate localities, and the Gas Light & Coke Company, by amalgamating other companies, then gradually acquired all the gas-lighting north of the Thames, while a considerable area in the south was provided for by another great gas company, the South Metropolitan.
Such are that of the London Necropolis Company at Brookwood near Woking, Surrey, and that of the parishes of St Mary Abbots, Kensington, and St George, Hanover Square, at Hanwell, Middlesex.
The People's Palace, Mile End Road, opened in , is both a recreative and an educational institution (called East London College) erected and subsequently extended mainly through the liberality of the Drapers' Company and of private donors.
Of other schools, Merchant Taylors' was founded by the Company of that name in , and has occupied, since , the premises vacated by Charterhouse School.
The Mercers' School, Dowgate, was originally attached to the hospital of St Thomas of Acon, which was sold to the Mercers' Company in , on condition that the company should maintain the school.
The recommendations of the Commission included the creation of a single controlling authority to take over the powers of the Thames Conservancy Watermen's Company, and Trinity House and the docks of the companies already detailed.
As late as the year  the Carpenters' Company drew up a memorial in which they " gave their reasons that tymber buildings were more commodious for this citie than brick buildings were."
The Company of Parish Clerks is named in an ordinance of  (of which there is a copy in the Record Office) as the body responsible for the bills, and their duties were then said to be " according to the Order in that behalf heretofore provided."
The fire of  destroyed all the documents of the Parish Clerks Company, and in its hall in Silver Street only printed tables from about the year  are to be found.
Various alterations were subsequently made and now the qualification of electors at the election of the corporate offices of lord mayor, sheriffs, chamberlain and minor offices in Common Hall is that of being a liveryman of a livery company and an enrolled freeman of London.
Three other shafts of the Tamarack Company, and three of the neighbouring Calumet and Hecla mine, have depths of between  and  ft.
Aubrey, however, lived gaily, and used his means to gratify his passion for the company of celebrities and for every sort of knowledge to be gleaned about them.
Now it is again generally admitted that in these sections we have the genuine account of one who was a member of Paul's company, who may well have been Luke.
Among the finest office buildings are the structures of the Albany City Savings Institution, National Commerical Bank, Union Trust Company, Albany Trust Company, the National Savings Bank, First National Bank, the New York State National Bank (, probably the oldest building in the United States used continuously for banking purposes) and the Albany Savings Bank.
Previously to their holding office, Daniel Manning (-), secretary of the treasury in President Cleveland's cabinet, was president of the Argus company, and Daniel Scott Lamont (-), secretary of war during President Cleveland's second administration, was managing editor of the newspaper.
He afterwards received the thanks of parliament and of the East India Company for his gallant bearing on that important day, and a pension was offered to him by the Company, which he declined, apparently from the hope, of receiving the order of the Bath from the government.
The tin mines in Lower Burma are worked by natives, but a company at one time worked mines in the Maliwun township of Mergui by European methods.
The right to mine for rubies by European methods and to levy royalties from persons working by native methods was leased to the Burma Ruby Mines Company, Limited, in , and the lease was renewed in  for  years at a rent of Rs.,, a year plus a share of the profits.
The Burma Oil Company since  has worked by drilled wells on the American or cable system, and the amount produced is yearly becoming more and more important.
At the close of the First Burmese War in  Tenasserim was annexed because it was supposed to contain large supplies of this valuable timber; and it was trouble with a British forest company that directly led to the Third Burmese War of .
The vessels of the Irrawaddy Flotilla Company now ply to Bassein and to all points on the Irrawaddy as far north as Bhamo, and in the dry weather to Myitkyina, and also on the Chindwin as far north as Kindat, and to Homalin during the rains.
A somewhat impure silicon (containing -% of the element) is made by the Carborundum Company of Niagara Falls (United States Patents   and , ) by heating coke and sand in an electric furnace.
In  Ken paid a visit to Rome in company with young Izaak Walton, and this journey seems mainly to have resulted in confirming his regard for the Anglican communion.
The first of these bands with whom Florence came into contact was the Great Company, commanded by the count of Lando, which twice entered Tuscany Y but was expelled both times by the Florentine troops (-).
The Florentines were successful until Pisa enlisted Sir John Hawkwood's English company; the latter won several battles, but were at last defeated at Cascina, and peace was made in , neither side having gained much advantage.
On account of the difficulties of the situation he resigned it in , and returned to England via New York in company with Richard Trevithick, whom he, had met in a penniless condition at Cartagena.
Among the residents have been Edwin Thomas Booth, John Henry Twachtman, the landscape painter, and Henry Osborne Havemeyer (-), founder of the American Sugar Company.
The deposit lies partly under the foreshore of the river Duddon, and a company has expended upwards of , upon a sea-wall and embankment to protect the mine from the sea.
It is the headquarters of the Bulli Mining Company, whose coal-mine on the flank of the Illawarra Mountains is worked by a tunnel,  m.
Such a fraternity was commonly called a "mistery" or "company" in the th and th centuries, though the old term "gild" was not yet obsolete.
The first settlement in the township was made in  at what is now the village of East Norwalk by a small company from Hartford, and the township was incorporated in the next year.
Compromised in the falsification of a decree suppressing the India Company and in a plot to bribe certain members of the Convention, especially Fabre d'Eglantine and C. Bazire, he was arrested, brought before the Revolutionary Tribunal, and was condemned and executed at the same time as the Dantonists, who protested against being associated with such a "fripon."
His talent for electrical engineering was soon shown, and his progress was rapid; so that in  he was appointed engineer to the Magnetic Telegraph Company, and in that capacity superintended the laying of lines in various parts of the British Isles, including in  the first cable between Great Britain and Ireland, from Portpatrick to Donaghadee.
Brett controlled the Newfoundland Telegraph Company on the other side of the ocean, Bright organized with them the Atlantic Telegraph Company in  for the purpose of carrying out the idea, himself becoming engineer-in-chief.
A fine hotel, owned by the railway company, and an excellent golf course are the chief features, together with a town-hall with public reading room, and the place is much frequented for golf and sea-bathing.
In his company the Blunts set out from Damascus, and travelled across the Syrian desert by the Wadi Sirhan to Jauf.
Shammar was crossed without difficulty, and the party was welcomed by the amir and hospitably entertained for a month, after which they travelled northwards in company with the Persian pilgrim caravan returning to Kerbela and Bagdad.
He was succeeded by his son, who in  made a treaty with the East India Company with the object of excluding the French from Oman, and the connexion with Great Britain was further strengthened during British in- the long reign of his grandson Sultan Said, -.
The importance and independence of the German trading settlements abroad was exemplified in the statutes of the "Company of German merchants at Bruges," drawn up in , where for the first time appears the grouping of towns in three sections (the "Drittel"), the Wendish-Saxon, the Prussian-Westphalian, and those of Gothland and Livland.
The first white settlement in the Mosquito country was made in , when the agents of an English chartered company - of which the earl of Warwick was chairman and John Pym treasurer - occupied two small cays, and established friendly relations with the Indians.
The company formed to execute his project became simply an agricultural concern and by the sinking of artesian wells created an oasis of olive and palm trees.
Hinde shows that during these years "he certainly followed a secular employment as agent to the York Buildings Company, who had contracted to purchase and were then in possession of the Widdrington estates."
The conversion of Tunis into a seaport () destroyed the importance of this line, which was then sold to the French Bone-Guelma Company (Bone-Guelma et Prolongements), which owns the majority of the railways in Tunisia.
The second railway connects the capital with the frontier of Algeria, where, at Suk Ahras, it joins the main line to Constantine, Algiers, &c. This line was built by the Bone-Guelma Company.
In addition to the smelting works at Cerro de Pasco there are other large works at Casapalca, between Oroya and Lima, which belong to a British company, and smaller plants at Huallanca and Huinac. The production of copper is steadily increasing, the returns for  being  tons and for  , tons, valued respectively at £, and £,.
In  the total foreign debt, including arrears of interest, was £,,, and in the following year a contract was signed with the Peruvian Corporation, a company in which the bondholders became shareholders, for the transfer to it for  years of the state railways,, the free use of certain ports, the right of navigation on Lake Titicaca, the exploitation of the remaining guano deposits up to ,, tons, and thirty-three annual subsidies of £, each, in consideration of the cancellation of the debt.
He had retired to enjoy the company of the ladies ZEthelgifu (perhaps his foster-mother) and her daughter iElfgifu, whom the king intended to marry.
During her short course she gathered round her a devoted company of men and women trained to labour for the reformation of the individual, the church and the state.
It was in his reign that Sir Thomas Roe came as ambassador of James I., on behalf of the English company.
Wembley adjoins Sudbury on the east; the district is residential, but lacks natural attractions except in the case of Wembley Park, a pleasant wooded recreation ground, owned by a company.
A good carriage road constructed and worked by a Russian company and opened to traffic in  connects Resht with Teheran via Kazvin.
Between it and other ports in the Caspian communication is maintained by the mail-steamers of the Caucasus and Mercury Steam Navigation Company and many vessels of commercial firms with head offices chiefly at Baku.
A railway owned by the London & NorthWestern company connects Newry with the deep-water harbour at Greenore; and there is an electric railway to Bessbrook in Co.
Cotton was first imported to Providence from Spain in ; a company to carry on cotton-spinning, formed at Providence in , established there in the following year a factory containing a spinning jenny of  spindles (the first machine of the kind to be used in the United States), and also a carding machine and a spinning frame with which was manufactured a kind of jean having a linen warp and a cotton filling.
The prohibition of the exportation from England of machinery, models or drawings retarded mechanical improvement, but in  an industrial company was formed at Providence to carry on cotton spinning, and in December of that year there was established at Pawtucket a factory equipped with Arkwright machines constructed by Samuel Slater.
The first Ohio Company was organized in , partly to aid in securing for the English control of the valley, then in dispute between England and France, and partly as a commercial project for trade with the Indians.
In-Christopher Gist, a skilful woodsman and surveyor, explored for the company the Ohio Valley as far as the mouth of the Scioto river.
In  the company had a pathway blazed between the small fortified posts at Will's Creek (Cumberland), Maryland, and at Redstone Creek (Brownsville), Pennsylvania, which it had established in ; but it was finally merged in the Walpole Company (an organization in which Benjamin Franklin was interested), which in  had received from the British government a grant of a large tract lying along the southern bank of the Ohio as far west as the mouth of the Scioto river.
Cutler's original intention was to buy for the Ohio Company only about ,, acres, but on the th of July Congress authorized a grant of about ,, acres of land for $,,; a reduction of one-third was allowed for bad tracts, and it was also provided that the lands could be paid for in United States securities.
On the th of October  Cutler and Major Winthrop Sargent (-), who had joined him in the negotiations, signed two contracts; one was for the absolute purchase for the Ohio Company, at  cents an acre, of ,, acres of land lying along the north bank of the Ohio river, from a point near the site of the Democrat.
Colonists were sent out by the Ohio Company from New England, and Marietta, the first permanent settlement in the present state of Ohio, was founded in April .
In the first half of the th century, when Bushire was an unimportant fishing village, it was selected by Nadir Shah as the southern port of Persia and dockyard of the navy which he aspired to create in the Persian Gulf, and the British commercial factory of the East India Company, established at Gombrun, the modern Bander Abbasi, was transferred to it in .
It is now not only the headquarters of the English naval squadron in the Persian Gulf, and the land terminus of the Indo-European telegraph, but it also forms the chief station in the Gulf of the British India Steam Navigation Company, which runs its vessels weekly between Bombay and Basra.
His voice is musical, metallic, fit for loud laughter and piercing wail, and all that may lie between; speech and speculation free and plenteous; I do not meet in these late decades such company over a pipe."
Soon after his resignation he went to London, and thence in June to Louvain, where he entered the Roman Catholic Church and spent some time in the company of Father William Good, a Jesuit.
It was not till  that the last mouldering head of the Fettmilch company dropped unnoticed from the Rententurm, the old tower near the bridge.
He joined the Company of Jesus on the th of December , and became professor in the Jesuit seminaries at Ferrara and Ascoli.
If, on the one hand, huge stones are transported hundreds of miles from sea-shore or river-bed where, in the lapse of long centuries, waves and cataracts have hammered them into strange shapes, and if the harmonizing of their various colors and the adjustment of their forms to environment are studied with profound subtlety, so the training and tending of the trees and shrubs that keep them company require much taste and much toil.
But it is also largely due to his displays of unsurpassed skill in preparing xylographs for the beautiful art publications issued by the Shimbi ShOin and the Kokka company.
Owing to the intelligent patronage of this company, and the impetus given to the ceramic trade by its enterprise, the style of the Tokyo etsuke was much improved and the field of their industry extended.
Since , again, a totally new departure has been made by Morishita Hachizaemon, a ceramic expert, in conjunction with Shida Yasukyo, president of the Kaga products joint stock company (Kaga bussan kabushiki kaisha) and teacher in the Kaga industrial school.
Prince Iwakura, one of the leaders of the Meiji statesmen, persuaded the feudatories to employ a part of the bonds as capital for railway construction, and thus the first private railway company was formed in Japan under the name Nippon tetsudo kaisha (Japan railway company), the treasury guaranteeing % on the paid-up capital for a period of  years.
In  he recruited and became captain of Company A of the Twenty-Third Wisconsin Volunteers, of which he was made lieutenant-colonel in , and which he commanded in the siege of Vicksburg.
Communications are monopolized by the Great Northern railway company, whose main line from Belfast divides at Portadown, sending off lines to Omagh, to Clones and to Dublin.
The Mad river is made to furnish good water-power by means of a hydraulic canal which takes its water through the city, and Dayton's manufactures are extensive and varied, the establishments of the National Cash Register Company employing in  about  wage-earners.
Baths, lunch-rooms, restrooms, clubs, lectures, schools and kindergartens have been supplied, and the company has also cultivated domestic pride by offering prizes for the best-kept gardens, &c. From April to July  there was a strike in the already thoroughly unionized factories; complaint was made of the hectoring of union men by a certain foreman, the use in toilet-rooms of towels laundered in non-union shops (the company replied by allowing the men to supply towels themselves), the use on doors of springs not union-made (these were removed by the company), and especially the discharge of four men whom the company refused to reinstate.
There are also an ancient church crowning the eastern hill, and a curious fortified warehouse (called the New Works), dating probably from the th century, when a trading company was established here under a grant from Henry IV.
In  she first appeared in England in Secret Service, and with Sir Henry Irving's company in The Bells and Peter the Great ().
The city is served by the Oregon Railroad & Navigation Company, and by the Sumpter Valley railway, a short line ( m.) extending from Baker City to Austin, Oregon.
He was already a poet by predilection, an idyllist and steeped in the classical archaism of the time, when, in , his taste for the antique was confirmed by a visit to Rome made in the company of two schoolfellows, the brothers Trudaine.
He became attorney for the Central Railroad of New Jersey, the Morris Canal and Banking Company, and other corporations, and from  to  was attorney-general of New Jersey.
The revocation of the Edict of Nantes in , and the death of his father led him to come to England; but, unable to find employment there, he crossed to Holland and enlisted in the company of French volunteers at Utrecht commanded by Daniel de Rapin, his cousin-german.
The population (about ,) is divided into two classes- orang burger or citizens, and orang negri or villagers, the former being a class of native origin enjoying certain privileges conferred on their ancestors by the old Dutch East India Company.
The importance of the fur of this animal as an article of commerce may be judged of from the fact that , skins were sold in one year by the Hudson's Bay Company as long ago as .
In obedience to these they often travelled hundreds of miles in company with, or in the wake of, their intended victims before a safe opportunity presented itself for executing their design; and, when the deed was done, rites were performed in honour of that tutelary deity, and a goodly portion of the spoil was set apart for her.
In company with his friend and classmate, Mr Quincy Shaw, he passed several months with the Ogillalah band of Sioux.
Natural gas and oil were found here in , and Chanute became one of the leaders of the Kansas independent refineries in their contest with the Standard Oil Company.
It was a post of the Hudson's Bay Company in -, and was protected by a large stockade, to which settlers fled for protection when attacked by the Indians.
Upon the intercession of Teshu Lama, then regent of Tibet, a treaty of peace was concluded in  between the East India Company and the ruler of Bhutan.
In  Fort Crawford was erected - it was rebuilt on a different site in  - and in  one of the principal depots of the American Fur Company was established here.
Fortunately, by the superb gallantry of some of the company officers and men, the new arrivals were induced to recognize their mistake, and by degrees about  p.m.
And now, thanks to the efforts of a large company of workers, notably Dr Arthur Evans and his associates in Cretan exploration, we are coming to speak with some confidence not merely of a Mycenaean but of a pre-Mycenaean Age.
Now, on the th of June , Lennox was in the company of John Wood, a creature of Moray's, and Wood, as we saw, brought copies of the Scots renderings of the Letters into England in May - June .
The king and his brother the duke of York (James II.), who were largely interested in the slave-trading Guinea Company, were eager to remove the Dutch ports from the slave coast.
Born in London on the th of September , he emigrated to Canada in , and settled in Sherbrooke, in the province of Quebec, where he entered the service of the British American Land Company, of which he rose to be chief commissioner.
It was generally declared by the critics of the volume to be in itself harmless, but was blamed as being found in bad company.
The letters to Vettori paint a man of vigorous intellect and feverish activity, dividing his time between studies and vulgar dissipations, seeking at one time distraction in low intrigues and wanton company, at another turning to the great minds of antiquity for solace.
It is a good-humoured satire upon marriage, the devil being forced to admit that hell itself is preferable to his wife's company.
Delaware river and bay were first explored on behalf of the Dutch by Henry Hudson in , and more thoroughly in - by Cornelius Hendrikson, whose reports did much to cause the incorporation of the Dutch West India Company.
The first settlement on Delaware soil was made under the auspices of members of this company in  near the site of the present Lewes.
The privileges of the company were extended to Germans in , and about  the Dutch members were bought out.
In  Peter Minuit on hehalf of this company established a settlement at what is now Wilmington, naming it, in honour of the infant queen Christina, Christinaham, and naming the entire territory, bought by Minuit from the Minquas Indians and extending indefinitely westward from the Delaware river between Bombay Hook and the mouth of the Schuylkill river, " New Sweden."
A new company, officially known as the West India, American, or New Sweden Company, but like its predecessor popularly known as the South Company, was chartered, and a governor, Johan Printz (c. -) was sent out by the crown.
In , however, the Dutch West India Company sold part of what had been New Sweden to the city of Amsterdam, which in the following year established a settlement called " New Amstel " at Fort Casimir (New Castle).
He was an affectionate father, and loved to pass his time in the company of his children, to whose education he paid the closest attention.
He delighted in the society of scholars - Alcuin, Angilbert, Paul the Lombard, Peter of Pisa and others, and in this company the trappings of rank were laid aside and the emperor was known simply as David.
Under his patronage Alcuin organized the school of the palace, where the royal children were taught in the company of others, and founded a school at Tours which became the model for many other establishments.
Sigsbee, U.S.N., of Lucas, which was perfected in the Telegraph Construction and Maintenance Company's ships, and of the Prince of Monaco, constructed by Leblanc of Paris.
The settlement was founded in  by the Plymouth Company under the auspices of the New Zealand Company, and chiefly consisted of emigrants from Devonshire and Cornwall.
In another system introduced by the Mannesmann Tube Company the prop is made up of weldless steel tubes sliding telescopically one within the other, which are fixed at the right height by a screw clamp capable of carrying a load of  to  tons.
In a later example at the Bargold pit of the Powell Duffryn Steam Coal Company a mixed arrangement is adopted with horizontal high-pressure and vertical low-pressure cylinders.
In Ancodon (Hyopotamus) the cusps on the molars are taller, so that the dentition is more decidedly selenodont; the distribution of this genus includes not only Europe, Asia and North Africa, but also Egypt where it occurs in Upper Eocene beds in company with the European genus Rhagatherium, which is nearer Anthracotherium.
Suitable grounds in the vicinity of the barracks, of which Caesar's Camp, the Long Valley and Laffan's Plain are best known, are utilized for company, battalion and brigade training of infantry, while the mounted branches work over a wider area, and the engineers carry out their practices where most convenient.
The Mahrattas in the year  ceded this district to the East India Company as payment for a contingent, and by the treaty of  it was formally incorporated with the British possessions.
In  he had been appointed postmaster at Philadelphia, and about the same time he organized the first police force and fire company in the colonies; in , after he had written Proposals Relating to the Education of Youth in Pensilvania, he and twenty-three other citizens of Philadelphia formed themselves into an association for the purpose of establishing an academy, which was opened in , was chartered in , and eventually became the University of Pennsylvania; in  he organized a debating club, the " Junto," in Philadelphia, and later he was one of the founders of the American Philosophical Society (; incorporated ); he took the lead in the organization of a militia force, and in the paving of the city streets, improved the method of street lighting, and assisted in the founding of a city hospital (); in brief, he gave the impulse to nearly every measure or project for the welfare and prosperity of Philadelphia undertaken in his day.
In September  it was opened with a strong company of actors, Johnson's prologue being spoken by Garrick, while the epilogue, written by him, was spoken by Mrs Woffington.
From  to  this company was in possession of extensive mining, railway, banking and coining rights, but in the last-named year, by agreement with the German government, it became a land company purely.
The sultan was forced to acknowledge their validity, and to grant a German company a lease of his mainland territories south of the mouth of the Umba river, a British company formed by Mackinnon taking a lease of the territories north of that point.
On the th of October  the sultan of Zanzibar ceded absolutely to Germany the mainland territories already leased to a German company, receiving as compensation £,.
The company being unable to quell the revolt, Captain Hermann Wissmann - subsequently Major Hermann von Wissmann (-) - was sent out by Prince Bismarck as imperial commissioner.
Johnston was despatched on a scientific mission to Kilimanjaro, and concluded treaties on which the British East Africa Company was subsequently based.
Appeals for help were sent to Frederick John Jackson (subsequently lieutenant-governor of British East Africa), who had arrived on the east of the lake with a caravan of some Soo rifles, sent by the newly-formed East African Chartered Company.
Seeing that the situation in Buganda was impossible unless they had a strong central force, which the company could not provide, Lugard and Williams had formed the idea of enlisting the Sudanese who had been left by Emin and Stanley at the south end of the Albert Lake.
On arrival in England Lugard found that the British Government had decided not to come to the help of the company, and Uganda was to be left to its fate.
The Dutch barrier was broken down by the arrival of Dampier and other " interlopers " from the east, and of emissaries from the (English) East India Company in search of spice-bearing lands.
New Guinea was actually annexed in  by two commanders in the East India Company's service, and the island of Manasvari in Geelvink Bay was held for some months by their troops.
German New Guinea was annexed on the th of November , when the German flag was raised in Friedrich Wilhelmshafen and a trading company was established on the north-east coast, and in  the two countries agreed to fix their boundaries through the then neutral areas of the country.
The New Guinea Company was to receive £ , for transferring proprietorship to government, which took over the administration in .
At regular intervals the steamers of the Dutch Royal Steam Packet Company call at Dorey and other points, while administrative posts have been established elsewhere in lieu of others previously attempted but abandoned.
These consisted of a company united by holding in common certain speculative principles, by having the same theory of things.
Though warned of a plot against his life (August , ) he refused to take precautions, and, while returning from Buen Retiro to Madrid in company with the queen, was repeatedly shot at in Via Avenal.
In  the docks, which lie at the southern end of the peninsula, became the property of the London & SouthWestern Railway Company.
The SouthWestern Company owns the local railway stations (Town and Dock and Southampton West, besides suburban stations), but through connexions are made with the north by way of the Great Western and Great Central and the Midland and South-Western Junction railways.
His elder son, John III., who had married Margaret, a daughter of the emperor Charles IV., was frequently in the company of his brothers-in-law, the German kings Wenceslaus and Sigismund.
In the early winter of  they made the coast of Cape Cod; they had intended to make their landing farther south, within the jurisdiction of the Virginia Company, which had granted them a patent; but stress of weather prevented their doing so.
During the first winter nearly onehalf their number died from exposure, and the relations of the survivors with their partners of the London Company, who had insisted that for seven years the plantation should be managed as a joint stock company, were unsatisfactory.
The abandonment of the communal system was begun in the latter year, and with the dissolution of the partnership with the adventurers of the London Company in  Plymouth became a corporate colony with its chief authority vested in the whole body of freemen convened in the General Court.
King James having by patent in  created a Council for New England to whom he made a large grant of territory, the council in  made a sub-grant, confirmed by a royal charter that passed the seals on the th of March , to the "Governor and Company of the Massachusetts Bay in Newe England."
There had been various minor expeditions during the few years since Smith was on the coast before this company, in the Puritan interests, had sent over John Endecott with a party in  to what is now Salem.
In  the government of the company, with questionable right (for the charter seems evidently to have contemplated the residence of the company in England), transferred itself to their territory, and under the leadership of John Winthrop laid the foundations anew of the Massachusetts colony, when they first settled Boston in the autumn of that year.
The charter gave the company control over the admission of " freemen " (co-partners in the enterprise, and voters), " full and absolute power and authority to correct, punish and rule " subjects settling in the territory comprised in their grant, and power to " resist.
Some writers deny the company's right under this instrument to rule as they proceeded to do; but at any rate what they did was to make the suffrage dependent on stringent religious tests, and to repress with determined zeal all theological " vagaries " and " whimsies."
Matthew Cradock, first governor of the Company, from the th of March  to the th of October , was succeeded on the latter date by John Winthrop, who, on reaching Salem on the th of June  with the charter, superseded Endecott.
At the same time the Elswick Ordnance Company was formed to manufacture the guns under the supervision of Armstrong, who, however, had no financial interest in the concern; it was merged in the Elswick Engineering Works four years later.
His colony at Roanoke, in what is now the state of North Carolina, was unsuccessful, and after his fall his patent reverted to the crown, but the new Virginia Company carried on his schemes.
A small body of religious dissentients, one hundred and one men, women and children, including some who had fled to Holland to escape the discipline of the church of England, secured leave from the Virginia Company to plant themselves within its bounds.
In  the Bermudas were granted to an offshoot of the Virginia Company, which consisted of  persons,  of whom, under the command of Henry More, proceeded to the islands.
At last the British government had to intervene effectively, and in  a new treaty was signed with the nizam, under which the Hyderabad contingent was to be maintained by the British government, while for the pay of this force and in satisfaction of other claims, certain districts were "assigned" to the East India Company.
In its chemical affinities zirconium resembles titanium, cerium and thorium; it occurs in company with these elements, and is tetravalent in its more important salts.
The principal manufactures are builders' hardware, locks and keys (the works of the Yale & Towne Manufacturing Company are here), woollen goods, dye stuffs, &c. The township of Stamford, known until  by the Indian name of Rippowam, was settled in  by twenty-nine persons who for religious reasons seceded from the Wethersfield church and joined the colony of New Haven.
The choir-stalls and screen () are finely carved, and of further interest are the ancient pulpit sounding-board (), some old stained glass, and the small models of ships, copies dating from  of yet earlier models originally presented by the Dutch-Swedish Trading Company.
Almost from the date of their taking possession of the Cape of Good Hope and its vicinity, the Netherlands East Indian Company instituted annual returns of population, livestock and agricultural produce.
At the head of Windermere is Waterhead, the landing-stage of Ambleside, which is served by the lake steamers of the Furness Railway Company.
There is another mint in Birmingham worked by a private company (" The Mint, Birmingham, Limited "), where coinages for foreign governments are executed and in addition silver and bronze colonial coins are occasionally manufactured under the supervision of the London Mint.
In India  the earliest English mint was that at Madras which was bought by the East India Company in , reorganized more than once and finally closed in .
The Calcutta mint was established by the East India Company in , but other mints in Bengal continued to be used till about , when the Calcutta mint was rebuilt.
It may be said to begin with the arrival in  of a small company including William Brewster, elder of the refugee church in Leiden, which founded Plymouth in the modern Massachusetts in the winter of that year.
Winthrop's company were nonconformists but not separatists, esteemed it " an honour to call the Church of England, from whence we rise, our dear mother," emigrated that they might be divided from her corruptions, not from herself.
The Western Inland Lock Navigation Company, chartered by the state in , completed three canals within about four years and thereby permitted the continuous passage from Schenectady to Lake Ontario of boats of about  tons.
On the rd of September Henry Hudson, in the employ of the Dutch East India Company, entered New York Bay in the " Half Moon " in search of the " northwest passage."
The merchants of Amsterdam and Hoorn soon formed themselves into the New Netherland Company, and on the th of October  received from the States-General a three years' monopoly of the Dutch fur trade in New Netherland, i.e.
On the expiration of the charter of the New Netherland Company () the StatesGeneral refused to grant a renewal, and only private ventures were authorized until , when the West India Company was chartered for a term of twenty-four years; to this company was given a monopoly of Dutch trade with the whole American coast from Newfoundland to the Straits of Magellan.
The director-general was formally appointed by the Company subject to the approval of the States-General, but the Amsterdam Chamber and the College of Nineteen supervised his administration.
The members of the council were formally appointed by the Company, but the director-general actually determined who they should be, and as he was not bound by their advice they were no check to an autocratic rule.
In , chiefly to encourage agriculture, the Company issued its famous Charter of Privileges and Exemptions, which provided that any member might have anywhere in New Netherland except on Manhattan Island his choice of a tract of unoccupied land extending  m.
The Company promised to permit the patroons to engage in the fur trade, whenever it had no commissary of its own, subject to a tax of one guilder ( cents) on each skin, and to engage in other trade along the coast from Newfoundland to Florida subject to a tax of % on goods shipped to Europe.
DirectorGeneral Minuit was recalled in  on the ground that he had been partial to the patroons; and Wouter van Twiller, who arrived in , endeavoured to promote only the selfish commercial policy of the Company; at the close of his administration () the affairs of the province were in a ruinous condition.
William Kieft was appointed director-general late in , and in  the Company abandoned its monopoly of trade in New Netherland and gave notice that all inhabitants of the United Provinces, and of friendly countries, might trade there subject to an import duty of io %, an export duty of %, and to the requirement that the goods should be carried in the Company's ships.
The company supports a school, Leclaire Academy, and has built a club-house, bowling alleys, tennis-courts, base-ball grounds, &c. The first settlement on the site of Edwardsville was made in , and in  the town was laid out and named in honour of Ninian Edwards (-), the governor of the Illinois Territory (-), and later United States senator (-) and governor of the state of Illinois (-).
Among imported pests the rabbit and sparrow, and a numerous company of European and American thistles and other weeds, have to be systematically contended with.
Lord Glenelg, the colonial minister, had the support of the missionaries in withstanding Wakefield's New Zealand Company, which at length resolved in desperation to send an agent to buy land wholesale in New Zealand and despatch a shipload of settlers thither without official permission.
Before, however, the "Tory" had thus sailed for Cook Strait, it had become known to the English government that a French colonizing company - La Compagnie Nanto-Bordelaise - was forming, under the auspices of Louis Philippe, to anticipate or oust Wakefield.
Meanwhile, a week after Hobson's arrival, Wakefield's colonists had sailed into Port Nicholson, and proposed to take possession of immense tracts which the New Zealand Company claimed to have bought from the natives, and for which colonists had in good faith paid the company.
Other bands of company's settlers in like manner landed at Nelson, Wanganui and New Plymouth, to be met with the news that the British government would not recognize the company's purchases.
The business developed into three strong institutions, the Mellon National Bank, the Union Trust Company, and the Union Savings Bank, all of Pittsburgh.
The North-West Territories were secured as a part of confederated Canada by the purchase of the rights of the Hudson's Bay Company, and the establishment of Manitoba as a province in .
In American history the name " Pilgrims " is applied to the earliest settlers of the colony of Plymouth, Massachusetts, and more specifically to the first company of emigrants, who sailed in the " Mayflower " in .
The Northern Pacific sends a branch line south from Tacoma parallel with the coast to Portland on the Columbia river, where it meets the Southern Pacific and the Oregon Railroad & Navigation Company's line (a subsidiary of the Union Pacific), thus affording communication southwards, and up the valley of the Columbia to the east.
Entering the south-east corner of the state, the Oregon Railroad & Navigation Company extends a line northwards to Spokane, and a branch of the Great Northern, leaving the main line at this city, runs north-westward into British Columbia.
In  a company of Boston merchants sent two vessels, the " Columbia " and the " Washington " under John Kendrick and Robert Gray (-) to investigate the possibility of establishing trading posts.
The story of the struggle of the rival British and American companies to control the fur trade, with the final dominance of the Hudson's Bay Company has been told under Oregon and need not be repeated.
North of the river, the Hudson's Bay Company discouraged settlement, believing that the final determination of the boundary controversy would make that stream the dividing line.
Others soon followed in spite of the efforts of the chief factor of the Hudson's Bay Company, Dr John M ` Loughlin, and these permanent settlers finally carried the day.
New colonies, however, seem to have followed from time to time, and, according to the Periplus (§ ), some parts of the African coast were under the suzerainty of the Sabaean kings as late as the Sabaeo-Himyaritic period; the district of Azania was held for the Sabaean monarch by the governor of Maphoritis (Ma`afir), and was exploited by a Sabaean company.
This seems to imply that the two alphabets had a common history up to a certain point, but parted company before they were fully developed.
The first railway was the Oregon Short Line, which was completed by the Union Pacific Company from Ogden, Utah, to Butte in .
The report of Lewis and Clark attracted many traders and trappers, and within a few years the Missouri Fur Company, the Rocky Mountain Fur Company, the Hudson Bay Company and the American Fur Company had established fortified trading posts on the Missouri, the Yellowstone, the Marias, the Milk and other rivers; the most prominent among these was Fort Benton, which was established in  at the head of navigation on the Missouri, and was made the headquarters of the American Fur Company.
He strengthened the interstate commission for the regulation of railroads, inaugurated successful suits against monopolies - notably the Standard Oil Company and the so-called Sugar Trust, - and achieved distinct practical results in favour of a system of "industrial democracy" where all men shall have equal rights under the law and where there shall be no privileged interests exempt from the operation of the law.
There are wood-pulp factories (one worked by an English company employing over  hands), factories for calcium carbide (used for manufacturing acetylene gas), paper and aluminium; and spinning and weaving mills.
Her success brought her other leading roles - Bellario, in Beaumont and Fletcher's Philaster; Flora, in Rhodes's Flora's Vagaries; Samira, in Sir Robert Howard's Surprisal; and she remained a member of the Drury Lane company until , playing continuously save for a brief absence in the summer of  when she lived at Epsom as the mistress of Lord Buckhurst, afterwards th earl of Dorset (q.v.).
Kingston (at first called "Kingstown," from Kings Towne, Rhode Island) was commonly known in its early days as the "Forty Township," because the first permanent settlement was made by forty pioneers from Connecticut, who were sent out by the Susquehanna Company and took possession of the district in its name in .
By agreement with the Ministry of the Interior, as soon as the reserve exceeded by io% the working capital (which was partly in shares, partly in bank advances) the company was to sell food under cost price; and this actually happened.
The " Yellowstone," a steamboat sent out by the American Fur Company, ascended the Missouri to Fort Pierre in  and to the mouth of the Yellowstone river in .
Fort Pierre, which was founded by the American Fur Company about , was sold to the United States government ' The rate for direct heirs and brothers and sisters is non-progressive.
In  Jacques Vieau, a Frenchman in the employ of the North-Western Fur Company, established a permanent post here, which seems to have continued, under his direction, with practically no interruption until , when it was superseded by that of Astor's American Fur Company.
