
He had never seen such a dull and out-of-the-way place; the folks were all gone off; why, you couldn't even hear the whistle!
Although the state has a great amount of limestone, especially in Erie and Ottawa counties, its dull colour renders it unsuitable for most building purposes.` It is, however, much used as a flux for melting iron and for making quick lime.
Before he had reached the embankments that were being thrown up, he saw, in the light of the dull autumn evening, mounted men coming toward him.
Suddenly the strange sound of a far-off whistling and thud was heard, followed by a boom of cannon blending into a dull roar that set the windows rattling.
Willarski felt dull in Orel and was pleased to meet a man of his own circle and, as he supposed, of similar interests.
All that day and the next his friends and comrades noticed that Rostov, without being dull or angry, was silent, thoughtful, and preoccupied.
I guess it does sound dull when I talk about it, but it's never dull to me, and Alex seems to be happy with things.
So far she had never mentioned her excursions to the attic, but when things got too dull around the house, she went up to explore.
I love a chase and a fight, but the chances of me forgetting not to dull the pain increase if you resist.
Of red the varieties are fewer; the finest is a crimson red of very beautiful tint, and there are various gradations from this to a dull brick red.
If a dull aching sensation persists after this instillation then a co-existing iritis, or inflammation of the iris, also called a uveitis, may also be present.
Dysmenorrhea is the medical term for menstrual cramps, the dull or throbbing pain in the lower abdomen that many women experience just before and during their menstrual periods.
The most common symptom for most types of osteochondrosis is pain, usually a dull, non-specific ache, at the affected joint.
There was a hopeless look in the dull eye that I could not help noticing, and then, as I was thinking where I had seen that horse before, she looked full at me and said, 'Black Beauty, is that you?'
One was an officer--a tall, soldierly, handsome man--the other evidently a private or an orderly, sunburned, short, and thin, with sunken cheeks and a dull expression.
It's a very cool idea, if you can get somebody to go along with it, but somewhat dull for player two.
When a wine's acidity is too high, it's flavor is too tart and aggressive, too low and the wine will taste dull, bland and flabby.
Explore Chianti wine proudly (minus the straw covered bottle, because although it's still produced, the wine is still dull and a bit lifeless), despite what any wine snob's opinion is on the wine.
Taking a few steps back she gripped the ax half way down on the handle and slammed it down against the block of wood with a dull whack.
Its bright red beak, the bare bluish skin surrounding its large grey eyes, and the tufts of elongated feathers springing vertically from its lores, give it a pleasing and animated expression; but its plumage generally is of an inconspicuous ochreous grey above and dull white beneath, - the feathers of the upper parts, which on the neck and throat are long and loose, being barred by fine zigzag markings of dark brown, while those of the lower parts are more or less striped.
Though Meyerbeer wrote much that is intrinsically more dull and vulgar than the overture to Rienzi, he never combined such serious efforts with a technique so like that of a military bandmaster.
An ingot of tin is pure white (except for a slight tinge of blue); the colour depends, however, upon the temperature at which it is poured - if too low, the surface is dull, if too high, iridescent.
The glass at this stage has a comparatively dull surface and this must now be replaced by that brilliant and perfectly polished surface which is the chief beauty of this variety of glass.
In the amorphous state it is a dull green, almost infusible powder, but as obtained from chromium oxychloride it is deposited in the form of dark green hexagonal crystals of specific gravity  .
During the dull day, in the course of which he was entertained by his elderly hosts and by the more important of the visitors (the old count's house was crowded on account of an approaching name day), Prince Andrew repeatedly glanced at Natasha, gay and laughing among the younger members of the company, and asked himself each time, What is she thinking about?
For all other wines, the term is used to describe a wine that is boring and dull, lacking in flavor and aroma characteristics.
Learning about history doesn't have to be dull; it can be as exciting as you and your children want it to be!
Science doesn't have to be dry and dull though, especially if you incorporate lots of hands-on activities in your curriculum.
Many women who have gone on to have a second child after a miscarriage say the joy of becoming a parent helps to dull the pain they feel over the loss of their first child.
When did the tide shift from maternity wear that was rather dull to a more modern, fun, even glamorous, approach?
Omega- fatty acids also support scalp health, and a deficiency in these fats can lead to dull skin and hair.
The basal half is dull white, oval in section and coarsely fibrous, the middle part smooth, shining and round, and the tip black.
The pitchstone of the Scuir of Eigg is at its margins characterized by a dull semi-opaque matrix which seems to be the result of secondary devitrification.
Simplicity in clothing can take on whatever definition works best for you, but at no point does it have to mean something is plain or dull.
The blades will eventually dull after extended usage, which is why the company provides you with the ability to purchase additional blades.
The large circular blade is made from metal that may also warp or become dull with use, making it necessary to replace the part.
The use of a highly acidic cleaner will quickly dull the shine of your floor and lead to a more expensive cleaning method down the road.
Try to avoid using dishwashing soap on a regular basis though, as it can dull your granite's shine over time through buildup.
Aurelius Olympius Nemesianus, who wrote a few feeble eclogues and () a dull piece on the training of dogs for the chase.
Sahlbom (Ber., , , p. ) obtained . (H =) by converting the metal into pentoxide at a dull red heat.
Lignite and cannel are usually dull and earthy, and of an irregular fracture, the latter being much tougher than the black coal.
On the other hand, he is wholly without originality, and his poetry, though free from glaring defects, is artificial and elaborately dull.
In the dull round of instruction in "grammar" he did not distinguish himself, and was surpassed by his early friend and companion, William Herman, who was Winckel's favourite pupil.
Krasicki's poem is at best but a dull affair, in fact a pale copy of a poor original, the Henriade of Voltaire.
Nauseous flowers, dull and yellowish and dark purple in colour and often spotted, with a smell attractive to carrion flies and dung flies, e.g.
The new humanism was a kind of revival of the Renaissance, which had been retarded by the Reformation in Germany and by the Counter-Reformation in Italy, or had at least been degraded to the dull classicism of the schools.
The hydrosulphide, KHS, was obtained by Gay-Lussac on heating the metal in sulphuretted hydrogen, and by Berzelius on acting with sulphuretted hydrogen on potassium carbonate at a dull red heat.
Similar is the behaviour of the fused dry salt at a dull red heat; it acts on silicates, titanates, &c., as if it were sulphuric acid raised beyond its natural boiling point.
Such a generalization will become sounder, if, as is now generally done by anthropologists, the Eskimo with their pyramidal skulls, dull complexion and flat noses are removed into a division by themselves.
It is easily soluble in warm water, the solution being, of a dull blue tint, and is used in calico-printing, dyeing and tanning.
He was not only dull, but the cause of dulness in others, and even Alexander Carlyle confesses that in conversation his illustrious countryman was "stiff and pompous."
On the other hand the lack of good harbours hindered its maritime development; and the Boeotian nation, although it produced great men like Pindar, Epaminondas, Pelopidas and Plutarch, was proverbially as dull as its native air.
In the States of the Church, during the first part of the period the outstanding feature in the history of the Temporal Power is the overthrow of nepotism; in the second, a dull conflict with debt.
On the other hand, it has been recorded by Cicero" that a certain physiognomist, Zopyrus, who professed to know the habits and manners of men from their bodies, eyes, face and forehead, characterized Socrates as stupid, sensual and dull (bardus), " in quo Alcibiades cachinnum dicitur sustulisse."
A very distinct species (P. murina), remarkable for its dull coloration, is peculiar to the Azores, and several others are found in Asia from the Himalayas to Japan.
Similarly the dull coloration of the two sets of animals is very possibly procryptic and serves to hide both shrews and squirrels from enemies.
Thickets and small acacias dot the steppes, which, green during the kharif or rainy season, at other times present a dull brown burnt-up aspect.
He ransacked his father's shelves, dipped into a multitude of books, read what was interesting, and passed over what was dull An ordinary lad would have acquired little or no useful knowledge in such a way; but much that was dull to ordinary lads was interesting to Samuel.
The exuberance of the epoch of Liberation gave place to a dull lethargy in things political, relieved only by the Philhellenism which gave voice to the aspirations of Germany under the disguise of enthusiasm for Greece.
In the young of the year the whole head, neck and throat are clothed in dull black, and most of the feathers of the mantle and wing-coverts are broadly tipped and mesially streaked with tawny or lightish-grey.
The bright green of the fields, the reddish-brown or dull green of the great river, contrasting with the bare yellow rocks, seen beneath a brilliant sun and a deep-blue sky, present views of great beauty.
As he grew up he became extremely dissatisfied with the dull and monotonous life he was compelled to lead; and his discontent was heartily shared by his sister, Wilhelmina, a bright and intelligent young princess for whom Frederick had a warm affection.
The latter, judged as literature, is intolerably dull; but the former is valuable, throwing as it does considerable light on his personal sympathies as well as on the motives of important epochs in his career.
The hind feet have six pads on their inferior surfaces, and the colour is dull grizzled brown above and greyish white below.
Several of the writers named belong to an earlier period; of many of the others we know little or nothing; and of the best known, such as Walter Kennedy and Quintyn Schaw, it would be hard to say that they are not as uniformly dull as any of Occleve's southern contemporaries.
Wahl [German patent  ()] prepare a % manganese from pyrolusite by heating it with % sulphuric acid, the product being then converted into manganous oxide by heating in a current of reducing gas at a dull red heat, cooled in a reducing atmosphere, and finally reduced by heating with granulated aluminium in a magnesia crucible with lime and fluorspar as a flux.
But many difficulties with his own people shortly beset his path, due largely to the suspicions aroused by his evident preference for the ardent Roman zeal of the converts, and especially of Manning, to the dull and cautious formalism of the old Catholics.
A long time afterwards it appeared, thanks to his collaborator, Claude Bernard Rousseau, under the title of Histoire et recherches des antiquites de la ville de Paris (), but remodelled, with the addition of long and dull dissertations which were not by Sauval.
The young (which on leaving the nest have not the tips of the bill crossed) are of a dull olive colour with indistinct dark stripes on the lower parts, and the quills of the wings and tail dusky.
Their glowing hues, are, however, speedily lost by examples which may be kept in confinement, and are replaced by a dull orange, or in some cases by a bright golden-yellow, and specimens have, though rarely, occurred in a wild state exhibiting the same tints.
Anne was a women of small ability, of dull mind, and of that kind of obstinacy which accompanies weakness of character.
In the second stage, implements of true bronze ( to io% tin) become common; painted pottery of buff clay with dull black geometrical patterns appears alongside the red-ware; and foreign imports occur, such as Egyptian blue-glazed beads (XIIth-XIIIth Dynasty, - B.C.), and cylindrical Asiatic seals (one of Sargon I.,  B.C.). In the third stage, Aegean colonists introduced the Mycenaean (late Minoan) culture and industries; with new types of weapons, wheel-made pottery, and a naturalistic art which rapidly becomes conventional; gold and ivory are abundant, and glass and enamels are known.
He found English ways dull and precise and the religious observances exacting; and his mother had - not for the last time - to talk seriously with him on his unsocial and wilful character.
On the other hand, when it becomes atrophied the circulation becomes feeble, the face heavy and dull, the patient suffers from cold, the features glow lumpish, mental processes become sluggish, and bodily vigour diminishes.
When the thyroid gland is absent in children, not only is the expression of the face dull and heavy as in the adult, but the growth both of body and mind is arrested, and the child remains a stunted idiot.
An attack may come on suddenly, but, in general, begins by a dull aching pain in the brow or temple, which steadily increases in severity and extent, but remains usually limited to one side of the head.
When the mercury is made positive it becomes dull and spreads itself out; when it is made negative it gathers itself together and becomes bright again.
In the Lower Sonoran belt, soapweed, acacias (Palo Verde or Parkinsonia torreyana), agaves, yuccas and dasylirions, the creosote bush and mesquite tree, candle wood, and about seventy-five species of cactuses - among them omnipresent opuntiae and great columnar " Chayas " - make up a striking vegetation, which in its colours of dull grey and olive harmonizes well with the rigidity and forbidding barrenness of the plains.
The fur is long and coarse, of a dull black hue with a grey wash on the head and fore-limbs.
The nd was dull and drizzly but I spotted some bullfinches in one of the wild areas of the garden.
And although there were a few dull moments I thought the choreography for the corps was very eye-catching and fun to watch.
Grows vigorously in Britain, with straight culms that can change to a dull yellow green with age; and glossy green leaves.
The dull design is the site's biggest weakness, with it not looking dissimilar to a school text book in places.
Despite my geek credentials, IÃ¢m not overly into reading Sci-Fi because I found a lot of it to be terribly dull and overcomplicated.
It might sound dull, but it tells you more about many of the monarchs and their agents than most popular history books.
In  Cheyennes under Dull Knife and Little Wolf left their reservation in Oklahoma and headed north to their former tribal homeland.
No political campaign is ever perfect but by comparison our opponents appeared inept, dull and out of touch with the public.
Water bottle strap Brown leather Water bottle, cups, pots etc Painted dull green, or cloth covered, so probably greenish-tinged khaki.
A running or sticky nose or eyes, a dull coat and/or lethargy are signs of ill health and need veterinary advice.
He caught himself making a face at a group of shop window mannequins who stared back with dull opaque eyes.
Yet second-hand romance and second-hand emotion are surely better than the dull, soul-killing monotony which life brings to most of the human race.
The tabloid style journalism makes usually dull professional information lively, although it may be considered just a little offbeat for some tastes.
Every group needs a comedian who can keep the fun going during a dull day of scrub-bashing or pulling ragwort.
But she is fatally torn between the dull virtue of middle-class respectability and the evil attractions of the beckoning city lights.
The dull roar of the traffic which converged all day upon London Bridge had died away now to a mere confused murmur.
But when David Renwick decided to turn dull, uneventful suburbia on its head by making it hellishly chaotic, he created something fresh.
When it was light I peeped through the portholes and saw Belfast's dull wharves and warehouses looking sulky in the gray morning mist.
The deep voice ceased its booming chant and all he could hear was a faint patter followed by dull thuds directly above him.
This will give sensations which commonly will be a slight tingle, or a sense of fullness or pressure, or a dull ache.
Trellis using trellis using trellis to liven up a dull area in your garden or to create a living screen.. .
In structure and some of its habits much resembling a bullfinch, but much exceeding that bird in size, it has the plumage of a crossbill and appears to undergo the same changes as do the members of the restricted genus Loxia - the young being of a dull greenish-grey streaked with brownish-black, the adult liens tinged with golden-green, and the cocks glowing with crimson-red on nearly all the body-feathers, this last colour being replaced after moulting in confinement by bright yellow.
Diptera in general are not remarkable for brilliancy of coloration; as a rule they are dull and inconspicuous in hue, the prevailing bodytints being browns and greys; occasionally, however, more especially in species (Syrphidae) that mimic Hymenoptera, the body is conspicuously banded with yellow; a few are metallic, such as the species of Formosia, found in the islands of the East Indian Archipelago, which are among the most brilliant of all insects.
The tanned complexion, that amorphous crag-like face; the dull black eyes under the precipice of brows, like dull anthracite furnaces, needing only to be blown; the mastiff mouth accurately closed; I have not traced so much of silent Berserkir rage that I remember in any man."
The glass, now in its approximate form, is placed in a heated chamber where it is allowed to cool very gradually - the minimum time of cooling from a dull red heat being six days, while for " fine annealing " a much longer period is required (see above).
Plain in plumage, being greyish brown above and dull white below, while its quills are dingy black, variegated with white, there is little about the mocking-bird's appearance beyond its graceful form to recommend it; but the lively gesticulations it exhibits are very attractive, and therein its European rival in melody is far surpassed, for the cock-bird mounts aloft in rapid circling flight, and, alighting on a conspicuous perch, pours forth his ever-changing song to the delight of all listeners; while his actions in attendance on his mate are playfully demonstrative and equally interest the observer.
Monstrelet's own writings, dealing with the latter part of the Hundred Years' War, are valuable because they contain a large number of documents which are certainly, and reported speeches which are probably, authentic. The author, however, shows little power of narration; his work, although clear, is dull, and is strongly tinged with the pedantry of its century, the most pedantic in French history.
In July and, August the plains of New Castile and Estremadura are sunburnt wastes; the roads are several inches deep with dust; the leaves of the few trees are withered and discoloured; the atmosphere is filled with a fine dust, producing a haze known as calina, which converts the blue of the sky into a dull grey.
Pierre, who at his wife's command had let his hair grow and abandoned his spectacles, went about the rooms fashionably dressed but looking sad and dull.
Pelageya Danilovna Melyukova, a broadly built, energetic woman wearing spectacles, sat in the drawing room in a loose dress, surrounded by her daughters whom she was trying to keep from feeling dull.
At first she found it amusing to give away dresses and ribbons to the maids, but when that was done and what was left had still to be packed, she found it dull.
Life with a stagy lady is never dull, for she possesses the art of turning the drab into the fancy.
When it was light I peeped through the portholes and saw Belfast 's dull wharves and warehouses looking sulky in the gray morning mist.
Patients undergoing surgery under regional anesthesia initially experience a dull ache in the exsanguinated limb after about  minutes of tourniquet application.
A room that was once dull and boring magically becomes an awe inspiring living space when spruced up with a fresh coat of paint.
The earthy paint color can transform your kitchen from a feeling of cold and dull into a vibrant and warm room.
Sophisticated doesn't have to be dull, in fact, you may decide to step out of your comfort zone and go with a deep chocolate color with yellow or blue accent colors.
For example, using a true blue eye shadow on blue-green eyes can actually make the color look dull and washed out, as opposed to rich and vibrant.
Simply overfill your measuring cup or spoon and use the dull side of a butter knife to scrape off the extra and make it level.
However, this type of pain can also be felt as an annoying dull ache with pain centered around the eyes, the base of the neck, the jaw area or the entire face.
There is never a dull moment on a Mississippi cruise, as the waterway passes through swamps, glacial lakes, rapids and dams.
H. atro-rubens has leaves much thinner and flowers much smaller than H. colchicus, the latter dull purple on the outside and greenish-purple within.
C. sempervivum grows rather taller, its dull green rosettes shaded with brown, and the pink flowers coming as large clusters in early autumn.
The flowers are deliciously fragrant and in color dull purplish green, but it does not bloom so freely out of doors as in a cool conservatory.
Mountain Houseleek (Sempervivum Montanum) - A dark green kind, smaller than the common Houseleek, the leaves forming neat rosettes, from which spring dull rosy flowers in summer.
Sempervivum Triste - Distinct from other Houseleeks, as its rosettes of leaves are of a deep dull red, which makes it a handsome plant.
The varieties range in color of foliage from dull purple to bad yellow, and why they are used in flower gardens is a question.
The flowers are a dull violet-purple and very fragrant, but only come towards autumn, when the plant is well established.
Other varieties are hirtum, distinguished by the hairiness of the leaves and branches, and purpureum, which has the leaves suffused with a dull purple tinge.
Its prostrate stems bear deeply toothed leaves of dull green, with small crowded spikes of white or purplish flowers in early spring, when they are much sought by bees.
It is one of the few shrubby Aralias hardy in Britain, coming from Manchuria, where it grows as a tall dense shrub with large trifoliate leaves and rounded heads of dull purple flowers.
The catkin-like flowers are dull red, and with a scent of Cowslips, coming in May either as short spikes or rounded fleshy balls, according as they are male or female, while the fruits consist of small fleshy nutlets.
Like P. nigra, the stems are green during their first year, but change color the second year to a dull brown splashed with large deep purple or black notches.
Rhododendron Lanatum - The young branches, both surfaces of the leaves, and the petioles are covered with a dull white or tawny tomentum; the sulphur-yellow flowers are  inches across.
R. anthopogon, flowers sulphur-yellow; R. glaucum, flowers dull rose-purple; and R. pendulum, flowers white, are small-leaved dwarf shrubs, chiefly of botanical interest.
Fret Play - Fret Play features transcriptions of several Mudvayne songs including Dull Boy, I Can't Wait, and Internal Primates Forever.
While of course these elements are important, the absence of good lighting can turn a well-designed room into a dull environment.
You can check for this resin by viewing a slab in bright light from several angles; the presence of a dull spot indicates fill.
Everyday toiletries like perfume and hair spray can leave a dull film that will affect the look of your pieces, so apply these products before you don your jewelry.
A beautiful ring for instance with a bright gemstone cabochon can add just the right amount of contrasting color to lift an otherwise dull outfit and give some added interest to an overall image.
A few well chosen items of jewelry for the winter months is a lovely way of turning an otherwise dull outfit into a stunning head turner.
A specialist jewelry cleaning cloth is all that is required to clean the bracelet and this will stop the build up of dust that can dull the surface.
When first shopping for organic baby toys, a person may notice that they are often rather dull in color and the whites are not bright.
While black is universally slimming, it can also be a bit dull, especially in the face of so many bright hues and vivid patterns.
There is no need to settle for a pair of dull, boring glasses when reading glasses are available in fun and funky styles.
Psycho Circus features some pretty dull graphics at times, but the game moves at a fast pace so you don't really notice it.
The humor is dull; the action is plentiful, but unattached; and the slowdown hinders gameplay most of the way through the game.
The razor blades inside the cutter will wear out from water exposure and dull from skin exposure after continual use.
Often due to prolonged use, the blade on the Rival food slicer can become dull or nicked, making it one of the most common parts to replaced on this appliance.
Warm, soapy water and a soft brush can clean the stone well, but always be sure to dry it completely to prevent water spots that dull the ring's appearance.
Even a large diamond can be dull and unattractive if it is poorly cut or has an unwanted tinge of color, and all the stone's characteristics should be properly balanced for a stunning engagement ring.
Closed settings, such as bezel settings or channel settings, are less suitable because they shield more of the gem and may dull its color, but they can be used to conceal slight flaws if necessary.
Some people would even say that a good quality cubic zirconia has more fire and sparkle than a low grade diamond that may be cloudy and dull.
Airplanes can be dull, and unless the in-flight movie is a real blockbuster, chances are you're going to be spending that flight staring out the window as you view a mundane plot of clouds.
Any other wallet would come off as plain and dull, but the leather here is intricately woven to create something much more dynamic than the basic.
A pair of pointy-toed red stilettos peeping out of the bottom of black trousers can be a great look for work, and red shoes are a good way to add interest to an otherwise dull suit or dress.
Athletic shoes have become much more fashion forward in their design and use of color in recent years; they're not as bulky or dull looking as they used to be.
Once you've worn a silver paw print bracelet watch, you'll never want to go back to plain, dull watches again.
This will help to stop the build up of dust and grime that can take the shine off the charms and make the bracelet appear dull.
Be prepared to spend around $ (or more) for a good pair of sheers, but know that they will last you a long time and you can get them professionally sharpened if they get dull.
This happens when strong emotions threaten to overwhelm them, their brains short-circuit and force them to eat to dull the pain.
Remember, garter belts can transform your look from dull to daring, so make sure you have an attitude to match.
Though they're sometimes labeled "satin," panties with a glossy side (the outside) and a dull side (the inside) are made up of polyester, rayon, acetate, or nylon.
Generally, if you're looking for satin panties in white, just search for materials that have a low shine outside and a dull inside.
Party games offer a great way to turn a dull gathering into a rocking party where even the stodgiest worker can get in on the fun!
In other words, there is never a dull moment on this show as the contestants are run ragged in their attempts to please their potential boss.
This will dull the knife, so you might want to get a knife specifically for wand work; don't use someone else's knife, dull it and then put it back into the drawer!
If your wand ever gets dull or dusty looking, reapply a coat of oil to the wood and polish it with a soft cloth and it will soon be healthy and shiny again.
Dull nail clippers will tear the nail and can rip off layers of nail and leave a jagged, weakened nail.
You can make an excellent exfoliant on your own using several kinds of fruit - nearly all of them will not only strip away your dull flakes, but also hydrate your skin, leaving it smooth and silky.
It is a hydrating, skin-smoothing treatment that helps quench dry, dull skin while imparting it with the decadent fragrance of Spellbound.
No time for homework - All work and no play may make Jack a dull boy, but the reverse just leads to trouble.
Although animation can do a lot to spruce-up a dull website, it must be used in moderation in order to be effective.
Katie was thinking of how much whiskey it'd take to dull the edge of her headache when the phone rang.
If an air-tight receptacle is not available, a small percentage of powdered carbon is added to the zinc-dust, to prevent increase in the amount of oxide, which, if present in excess, tends to make the deposit dull.
Her plumage, with exception of the wings and tail, which are of a dull red, is light-olive above and brownish-yellow beneath.
He takes no heed of his rider, pays no attention whether he be on his back or not, walks straight on when once set agoing, merely because he is too stupid to turn aside, and then should some tempting thorn or green branch allure him out of the path, continues to walk on in the new direction simply because he is too dull to turn back into the right road.
The reaction, which was dull and heavy in the dominions of the pope and of Victor Emmanuel, systematically harsh in the Austrian states of the north, and comparatively mild in Parma and Tuscany, excited the greatest loathing in southern Italy and Sicily, because there it was directed by a dynasty which had aroused feelings of hatred mingled with contempt.
This vegetation, covering plains, mesas, and even extending up the sides of the mountains, gives the entire landscape the greyish or dull olive colour characteristic of the Great Basin.
Sikes, The Transition of North Carolina from Colony to Commonwealth (Baltimore, ), based on the public records, is accurate, though dull.
If it has the misfortune to be systematized by an enthusiastic but dull and incompetent disciple, it may appear even absurd.
Philip was by nature dull and phlegmatic. He had learnt morality from Fenelon's teaching, and showed himself throughout his life strongly adverse to the moral laxity of his grandfather and of most of the princes of his time.
A dull stony-looking rock results, the vitreous lustre having entirely disappeared, and in microscopic section this exhibits a cryptocrystalline structure, being made up of exceedingly minute grains principally of quartz and felspar.
The lyrics of Anthony Varady (, ) are somewhat dull and unequal in tone; both he and Baron Ivor Kaas, author of Az itelet napja (Day of Judgment, ), have shown skill rather in the art of dramatic verse.
The dull green was followed successively by amber, white opal, blue opal, straw opal, sea-green, horn colour and various pale tints of soda-lime glass, ranging from yellow to blue.
Before the glass is introduced, the annealing kiln is heated to dull red by means of coal fires in grates which are provided at the ends or sides of the kiln for that purpose.
One variety forms the ground of a very good imitation of porphyry; and there is a dull semi-transparent red which, when light is passed through it, appears to be of a dull green hue.
These are set in a kiln or oven, and are kept at as even a temperature as possible, corresponding to a dull cherry-red.
Thus, for instance, near Nikko in the upper valley of the Daiya-gawa, and in several other places in the neighboring mountains, a granite-porphyry appears with large, pale, flesh-colored crystals of orthoclase, dull triclinic feispar, quartz and hornblende.
At Arita, although pieces were occasionally turned out of which the color could not be surpassed in purity and brilliancy, the general character of the blue sous couverte was either thin or dull.
The thin clumsily-shaped vases of the Kaji school, with their uniformly distributed decoration of diapers, scrolls and arabesques in comparatively dull colors, ceased altogether to be produced, their place being taken by graceful specimens, technically flawless, and carrying designs not only free from stiffness, but also executed in colors at once rich and soft.
But a great part of the book, especially the latter portion, is dull; and in fact it may be generally remarked of Defoe that the conclusions of his tales are not equal to the beginning, perhaps from the restless indefatigability with which he undertook one work almost before finishing another.
The Gospel of Nicodemus, written by a Christian (possibly as early, Tischendorf thought, as the middle of the nd century), repeats the trial in a dull and diluted way; but adds not only alleged evidence of the Resurrection, but the splendid vision of the descensus ad inferos - the whole professing to be recorded in the Acta Pilati or official records of the governor.
Her failure was due partly to the commercial jealousy of Corinth working on the dull antipathy of Sparta, partly to the hatred of compromise and discipline which was fatally characteristic of Greece and especially of Ionian Greece, and partly also to the lack of tact and restraint shown by Athens and her representatives in her relations with the allies.
At the beginning of the rth century Girard of Amiens made a dull compilation known as Charlemagne from the chansons de gests, authentic history and the pseudoTurpin.
The first indication is a dull hollow sound heard when treading on the pavement or floor, probably occasioned r FIG.
In the [[[Lapland]]] marshes, a reeve now and then flies near with a scarcely audible ka-ka-kuk; but she seems a dull bird, and makes no noisy attack on an invader."
One group, however, is dull in hue, and but for the presence in some of its members of yellow or flame-coloured precostal tufts, which are very characteristic of the family, might at first sight be thought not to belong here.
In his boyhood Bertrand was a dull learner, spending his time in open-air sports and exercises, and could never read or write.
They are at a dull red heat and are allowed to cool gradually in the air and become blackened by the formation on the surface of a film of oxide of copper.
To pass Cook Strait and land in the middle province of South Island is to pass from Portugal to Switzerland, a Switzerland, however, with a seacoast that in the east centre is a dull fringe of monotonous sand dunes or low cliffs.
There, before the colonists came, wide sweeps of dull green bracken or wiry yellow-green tussocks seemed bleak and monotonous enough.
His "theorie des debouches" amounts to this, that, products being, in last analysis, purchased only with products, the extent of the markets (or outlets) for home products is proportional to the quantity of foreign productions; when the sale of any commodity is dull, it is because there is not a sufficient number, or rather value, of other commodities produced with which it could be purchased.
The Epistle attracted considerable notice, and a reply was written by Thomas Cooper, bishop of Winchester, under the title An Admonition to the People of England, but this was too long and too dull to appeal to the same class of readers as the Marprelate pamphlets, and produced little effect.
Crystallized alumina is also obtained by heating the fluoride with boron trioxide; by fusing aluminium phosphate with sodium sulphate; by heating alumina to a dull redness in hydrochloric acid gas under pressure; and by heating alumina with lead oxide to a bright red heat.
An adept will know by the ring of the pot on striking it with his knuckles whether water is wanted or not, according as it rings loud and clear or dull and heavy.
In cooler structures it becomes necessary in the dull season of the year to prevent the slopping of water over the plants or on the floor, as this tends to cause " damping off," - the stems assuming a state of mildewy decay, which not infrequently, if it once attacks a plant, will destroy it piece by piece.
For the growth of flowers generally, and for that of all fruits, every ray of light to be obtained in the dull winter season is required, and therefore every possible care should be taken to keep the glass clean.
With moisture as with heat, the cultivator must hold his hand somewhat in very severe or very dull weather; but while heat must not drop so as to chill the progressing vegetation, so neither must the lack of moisture parch the plants so as to check their growth.
As though to make amends for the dull plumage of the species last mentioned, North America offers some of the most brilliantly i Further information will possibly show that these districts are not occupied at the same season of the year by the two forms.
Those that are dull and loose, or very coarse and flat in the curl, are of far less market value.
Alytes obstetricans is a small toad-like Batrachian, two inches in length, of dull greyish coloration, plump form with warty skin and large eyes with vertical pupils.
Many compounds containing hydrogen are readily decomposed by the gas; for example, a piece of paper dipped in turpentine inflames in an atmosphere of chlorine, producing hydrochloric acid and a copious deposit of soot; a lighted taper burns in chlorine with a dull smoky flame.
They are collected for use at late evening or early morning, while in a dull bedewed condition, by shaking them off the trees or shrubs into cloths spread on the ground; and they are killed by dipping them into hot water or vinegar, or by exposing them for some time over the vapour of vinegar.
Similarly the lace industry is associated with Catherine of Aragon, who, when trade was dull, burnt her lace and ordered new to be made.
The back and sides of the body appear to be grey, an effect produced by delicate transverse pencillings of black on a dull white ground.
The succeeding period, after so much storm and stress, might seem dull and unprofitable; but it witnessed the instructive experiment of the government of Europe by a concert of the great powers, and the first victory of the new principle of nationality in the insurrection of the Greeks.
Ferrous bromide, FeBr, is obtained as yellowish crystals by the union of bromine and iron at a dull red-heat, or as bluish-green rhombic tables of the composition FeBrHO by crystallizing a solution of iron in hydrobromic acid.
All the while he would have gladly welcomed any just means of taking an animated course, for these were dull, dark days for the Conservatives as a parliamentary party.
Chian turpentine is a tenacious semi-fluid transparent body, yellow to dull brown in colour, with an agreeable resinous odour and little taste.
As a satirist and observer he is simply the "Cooper who 's written six volumes to prove he's as good as a Lord" of Lowell's clever portrait; his enormous vanity and his irritability find vent in a sort of dull violence, which is exceedingly tiresome.
Vanadium dichloride, VC, is a green crystalline solid obtained when the tetrachloride is reduced with hydrogen at a dull red heat.
Nodules of flint when removed from the chalk which encloses them have a white dull rough surface, and exposure to the weather produces much the same appearance on broken flints.
At first they acquire a bright and very smooth surface, but this is subsequently replaced by a dull crust, resembling white or yellowish porcelain.
These masses are of a dull grey colour, owing to surface tarnish; only on fresh fractures is the colour tin-white with metallic lustre.
It has an amorphous internal structure, a dull fracture; is of a yellow to yellowish-brown hue, the purer varieties being almost colourless, or possessing a greenish tinge, and has a somewhat bitter aromatic taste, and a balsamic odour, which is developed by heating.
It is true that a teacher with ten times Miss Sullivan's genius could not have made a pupil so remarkable as Helen Keller out of a child born dull and mentally deficient.
In the middle of a dull and halting conversation, Helene turned to Pierre with the beautiful bright smile that she gave to everyone.
When he saw the pretty little Bourienne, Anatole came to the conclusion that he would not find Bald Hills dull either.
After that journey to Ryazan he found the country dull; his former pursuits no longer interested him, and often when sitting alone in his study he got up, went to the mirror, and gazed a long time at his own face.
Prince Andrew entered a plain tidy room and saw at the table a man of forty with a long waist, a long closely cropped head, deep wrinkles, scowling brows above dull greenish-hazel eyes and an overhanging red nose.
The earth in the kitchen garden looked wet and black and glistened like poppy seed and at a short distance merged into the dull, moist veil of mist.
And even that ruined and befouled house – which in dull weather was repulsively ugly – seemed quietly beautiful now, in the clear, motionless brilliance.
He remembered only the dull gray weather now rainy and now snowy, internal physical distress, and pains in his feet and side.
Consider it the instant antidote to a dull, dreary day, a miracle worker when you don't look or feel your best and an adorable piece of eye candy to add a flash of color to your vanity.
Don't worry if you think all men's hats come in dull, monochromatic colors; you may be surprised at the selection offered in ski hats.
Hair color is used to brighten dull complexions, complete a look, and in some cases, a new and vibrant color can revitalize one's personality.
Chlorine is particularly influential in the development of dry damaged hair, and the minerals in hard water can dull your strands.
After caring for the hair of his chemical and color treated clients, he found the drying effects of a lathering shampoo sacrificed the integrity of the hair, creating lackluster, dull and dry locks.
A dull blade will not only prevent you from getting a close shave, but you'll also wind up with more cuts than you would have otherwise.
Color can add vibrant attitude to your style, but dull, unhealthy hair can lead to a bad hair day no matter what shade you choose.
Conversely, if you are having health concerns or suffering from nutritional deficiencies, your hair may look dull or grow more slowly.
If your hair color is dull and needs some revving up, caramel lowlights may just what you need to perk up your plain tresses.
Just a few layers of blonde around your face can really brighten a dull complexion and perfect your beach side look.
While maternity clothing was once dull and unfashionable, today's maternity clothes are just as attractive as the styles you're used to wearing.
Weak, dull and thinning hair can be signs of health problems like a thyroid disorder, hormonal imbalance, polycystic ovarian syndrome and other illnesses.
Once a heating lamp starts to dull, food will not cook properly in the microwave and the heating lamp will need to be replaced.
Similar to a razor blade, the head of the shaver becomes dull and needs to be swapped out with a new (sharp) head.
Regular cleaning is important to keep a bezel set ring looking its best because the bezel setting can easily collect dirt and dust, which can dull a diamond's natural luster.
Many of the government agencies or companies that produce most of those reports publish very dry data in a dull, informative voice intended for government leaders and industry analysts.
Titanium dichloride, TiC  obtained by passing hydrogen over the trichloride at a dull red heat, is a very hygroscopic brown powder which inflames when exposed to air, and energetically decomposes water.
Each side of the octagon is covered with a large relief of a Biblical subject, very dull in style and coarse in execution.
At first I was very sorry when I found that the sun had hidden his shining face behind dull clouds, but afterwards I thought why he did it, and then I was happy.
He was always gentle and forbearing, no matter how dull I might be, and believe me, my stupidity would often have exhausted the patience of Job.
