
Sentences
In , she showed that her body was still in top condition by posing in a white string bikini with a halter top and daringly low-cut bottoms which tie at the sides.
These suits are cut far more daringly than many women in the Northern Hemisphere might usually consider wearing, even in sunny California.
There are several colors available, including a technicolored lens with a yellow frame, a silver lined blue framed look, and a daringly bold red lined frame with a smoke grey lens.
At the end of the day, the choice is yours whether or not to go daringly bold in a G-string bikini.
Yes, the bikini top is done in a daringly bold animal print, plunges down to there, and then suggestively ties in the front with just a fluff of string, but the bottom of this bikini is downright girlish!
From its daringly bold mini cut to its thong counterpart, the word "tanga" just seems to roll off the tongue.
Cobalt blue Manolo Blahnik wedding shoes were popularized by Carrie's Sex and the City wedding debut, but offscreen the effect of such a daringly different fashion maneuver can absolutely slay the elegance of your bridal attire.
Whether tasteful or tantalizing, there is sure to be one person on your gift list who will benefit from this daringly thoughtful gift.
He has been said to be a French Cowper, and the parallel holds good in respect of versification and of his relative position to the more daringly innovating school that followed, though not in respect of individual peculiarities.
Here as elsewhere he had but one rule to guide him in matters of doctrine and discipline - the practice of Rome and the West; for it is singular to see how Jerome, who is daringly original in points of scholarly criticism, was a ruthless partisan in all other matters; and, having discovered what was the Western practice, he set tongue and pen to work with his usual bitterness (Altercatio luciferiani et orthodoxi).
The humour, if less cogent and cumulative, is richer and more varied; the invention, too, is more daringly original and more completely out of the reach of ordinary faculties.
Spite, resentment at being passed over when Peel formed the  government, is one explanation of these outbreaks, and a letter to Peel, lately published, is proof to many minds that Disraeli's denial to Peel's face in  that he had ever solicited office was daringly mendacious.
In its more moderate form, keeping wholly within the limits of ecclesiastical orthodoxy, this mysticism is represented by Bonaventura and Gerson; while it appears more independent and daringly constructive in the German Eckhart, advancing in some of his followers to open breach with the church, and even to practical immorality.
With no stoppage forthcoming, Mark Loram brilliantly reeled in Rico, before daringly dashing past on the back straight of the final lap.
The advantage of evening wear, as opposed to a business suit, is that if you have a lovely bust, you can choose something with a low neckline - even daringly so - and get away with it.
