
Lisa came home from the hospital the day before the funeral and Connie insisted on staying with her for a while.
One day I'm a boring financial planner, and the next day, I can't go out in sunlight and I see the future.
I am not saying if you enjoy manual labor and being exhausted at the end of the day, you shouldn't do it.
He might be seen every day with a bag of charcoal on his back, carrying it to some of his customers.
It seemed to him that it was a very long time ago, almost a day, since he had first seen the enemy and fired the first shot, and that the corner of the field he stood on was well-known and familiar ground.
Anyway she finally got so lonely and depressed that she locked herself in her room one day and shot herself.
The very next day she was straining over the counter to reach behind the stove when Cade came into the kitchen.
After that I got to thinking how nice it would be if I had someone to cook me a meal every day.
We agreed the tests were finished for the day but mellowed by wine; we spent two more evening hours summarizing our findings.
The newly christened Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin Gustefson were finally merged into one apartment and blissfully drifting back to a day to day routine.
He's never out more than ten to twenty minutes at a time and three or four sessions make a heavy day.
Betsy screamed, It's like if The Lord Jesus was standing here, writing a mother's day card to the Virgin Mary, you'd be sitting around on your asses discussing if it was really the month of May!
I trudged through a boring day, knowing I'd return to an empty apartment as Betsy was off to Los Angeles for the entire week.
Howie would first go back to earlier in the day and document precise activities of the director; we hoped they'd be sufficient for him to believe our abilities.
It's is warm here in the south and I fear I can't keep my tiny trophy in my auto another day.
We never-the-less decided to postpone discussion until the following day when, as Martha said, we had a night of rumination and our wits about us.
It was the first time in months Quinn would attempt to position Howie back more than a day or two.
I took time before retiring for the day to telephone Martha with the good news Julie's break in was a false alarm.
Over the three day period, we located one lost boy, identified two girls as runaways and fingered a true abduction.
Betsy read a notice on the Internet a day later that the culprit was beaten and in serious condition, after allegedly resisting arrest.
There were a half dozen messages from both Julie and Howie from California but in view of our frenzied day, decided to let them simmer until after a much relished glass or two of wine and Molly's carefully grilled hot dogs and cheese bread.
Maybe he's grown up and changed; God knows I have but back in the day, he was a little piss head, always getting in fights, picking on little kids.
Once in a while we shut the alarm down during the day 'cause some of the help use that exit to the back parking lot.
It took us all the following day and part of next, though our calculations of time were suspect, to finish our ladder.
She wondered how many more there would be and doubted she'd last more than another day or two if he kept draining her blood.
He replaced his weapons and washed his face, feeling very much like this was to be his last day alive.
She drove the winding roads from her father's manor through County Clare and south towards the Cliffs of Moher to Doolin, one of her favorite day trips.
She felt the truth in his words, perhaps because their souls had touched when they first met the day before.
Jule had shattered her carefully built world in a day, and he'd done it without the brutal lessons her father resorted to.
By the time she reached the cliff Jule indicated the next day, Yully's soul was humming like an electric wire.
As different as night and day, they were his adopted brothers—and the only men in the universe he trusted with his life.
Here she sat, covered in blood, drugged, one day from being all out crazy, then kidnapped—and the sight of the man before her turned her on.
His phone dinged, and he looked down at one of the zillion text messages he received from any number of his Guardians every day.
She waited until they stopped and the full light of day streamed into her room before heading to the kitchen.
It was a barracks for the Guardians, most of whom greeted her with a quiet good day, ikira as she passed.
She lowered her gaze at the heated look from the man who drove her crazy every other minute of her day.
Claire didn't look any worse for wear after a day in the offsite location Dusty had scouted as a temporary dungeon for their prisoners.
She'd been quiet for a day or two, going everywhere with him, a companion in his head who was beyond the touch of his angry master.
He offered a small smile, not nearly as large as the one he'd given her the day he gave her the advice that ended up condemning her.
It had been a perfect day at Bird Song—until the phone call came and tanked any semblance of tranquility into a mire of despair.
Elderly Brandon Westlake, the only single oldie, failed to engage Cynthia's interest in his day's activities, a high country wildflower photo shoot in Governor's Basin.
It was Pumpkin Green's third day since arriving with an overladen shopping cart he insisted on lugging to his second floor room.
It was only a week past the longest day of the year and still light outside but Dean joined her, in case she changed her mind and needed him.
God, he would have given both arms, his manhood, and his Captain Midnight whistle for one day as a pro, regardless of the language of the cheering fans.
A young couple whose life dream was owning a Bird Song look-alike learned from Fred the principals would be absent for the day and offered to stick around playing temporary innkeepers.
It was strange how quickly the trials and fears of the day could be put on the back burner with a couple of swigs of amber liquid.
Once you've got the bug, you'd no more pass up a good bargain than a cold beer on a hot day.
They almost never enjoyed the first meal of the day outside of Bird Song, but the holiday was cause for exception.
He'd only been here once, years before, but he told me he owned land and one day he'd settle in the town.
Jennifer Radisson had changed to jeans and a sweatshirt advertising Ouray, and carried a day pack slung over her shoulder.
He tried to block that day from his mind as he played out the coiled rope from over his shoulder and moved backwards down the slope.
It was Friday, a week day, and the height of the season, so he had expected most of the town's folk to be too busy for political small talk.
He rose and began pacing the room as Dean stopped by and proceeded to bend Dean's ear how this was the day he and Paulette were to receive a firm offer on the Lucky Pup property.
There was a chill in the early day air as Dean drove the topless Jeep north through town as Ouray was waking up.
Ginger Dawkins was sitting on the porch in her pretty blue sweater as if she'd never huffed and puffed her exit a day earlier.
Ralph warned me, but when I insisted, he figured if we stuck together Blackie wouldn't get away with doing anything—wouldn't have a chance before we left the next day.
Cynthia accepted the news well, first on the phone amid post wedding hubbub, and the next day when he met her stepping off the plane.
She struggled to recall what her real mother looked like or the day she became Death or even the day she met Gabriel.
She responded to him with raw hunger, no longer timid as she had been when he kissed her the day before.
He had done it every day he served her as her lead assassin and he was doing it now as Death.
He didn't know what that meant or even if it was a possibility that she would one day trust him enough to tell him what was burdening her.
He was rumored to go through five to ten blood monkeys a day and was said to have single-handedly wiped out whole villages.
I've checked on your little human almost every day to ensure what I planned for her was not altered by Darkyn's bloodlust.
Deidre tested them three times but was afraid of pissing off Gabriel by disobeying him so early in the day.
Other than the situation with Lori and the fact that it was a busy day, nothing was different than any other day.
Carmen was waiting for Alex outside the clinic with Destiny one day when the red-headed man strolled up to the car.
If Lori hadn't admitted that she loved Alex the day Destiny was born, the idea that the two of them were romantically involved probably wouldn't have crossed her mind.
The next week they got the restraining order, but as Carmen witnessed one day on her way home, it didn't stop Lori.
But he didn't wake, and each day that passed made it less likely that he would come out of the coma.
One day, when Destiny was with Grandma Reynolds and Jonathan was at staying with a friend, she decided to go down to the house before she went to the hospital.
The doctor said there was no reason for him to remain in a coma and he might wake up any day.
The doctors still said they expected him to wake up any day, but Carmen was skeptical about how much they believed it.
When Katie brought the twins over one hot August day, Carmen finally found the courage to bring up the subject.
If she hadn't humiliated him that day as they stood before the mirror, maybe this conversation would never have been necessary.
After getting them each a cup of coffee and a piece of the cherry pie she had made the day before, she sat down at the table with them.
She'd let herself grieve for a day – maybe two – and then fill her world with as much sunshine as possible.
She touched, smelled and tasted everything she could, determined to remember every pleasurable part of every day she had left.
Unwilling to let the weirdness ruin her day, Deidre dismissed the strange exchange, distracted by the smells coming from a display of homemade candles.
Deidre flipped on the lights in the bungalow and made herself stir fry with the fresh veggies she'd bought that day.
There's nothing else on the planet that forces you to really see and accept who you are as the day the doctor says you're dying.
Half-drunk by the time Rhyn explained things to her the day before, she'd come away from that conversation more baffled than she'd been when she fell out of the sky onto the beach.
At the end of the day, you're Gabe's, so he can do whatever he wants with you, as long as he follows the Code.
So then, one day you told him to kill Katie and her baby, because you were mad at Rhyn and the demons were coming.
I never knew she existed until a day ago, and I'm only now learning how awful of a person she was.
One arm looped around her and she braced herself against his chest, vaguely realizing that --by not refusing him the day before --he'd taken her response as a blank check.
He wondered if Death would.ve been more lenient if he stayed home with her and played nice instead of spending half his day in the mortal world.
As she did every day, she went to the table near his cluttered desk to await her blood draw and any other experiments he wanted to do.
She.d spent the day in thought after her talk with Gabriel, and there was only one solution that might drive Rhyn away before she and Gabriel hurt him.
She barely knew the man at her back, but she.d felt his absence even during the few hours in the day they weren.t together.
He.d paced in front of her chamber at some point every day for three weeks, wanting to tell her something, anything, to make her want to stay.
She vaguely recognized the other three and knelt beside the statue of Rhyn, who was no older than Toby had been the day before.
She hid in the room most of the day to prevent any more run-ins with cats or models and to think.
It took him a full day to realize she didn't know how to exit her room, that her intent at disassembling the access pad had been to make it work for her.
The next morning, she went to the game room after her sparring session and sat the entire day, learning more and more about the game and experimenting with how the symbols on the keyboard interacted with the images before her.
Ne'Rin only came for her once during the third day, to bring her to stand by him while he received visitors.
He traveled for a day and slid beneath the radars of Qatwal easily, having stolen the codes needed to jam their tracking systems during one of his scuffles with Kisolm.
Another was hunch-backed and dressed in heavy robes despite the heat of the day, and a third man barely taller than her had white irises and silvering hair.
He wore light colors this day of tan, a shade that brought out the depth of honey in his skin.
His grip was warm and firm, as it had been the day he prevented her from falling on her face in front of Romas's relations.
She rubbed her face, dressed in grey to reflect her mood, and tucked her spare earpiece into her pocket as she did every day.
The dwelling was warm already in the midmorning, and she wondered how she'd survive another day of heat like yesterday's.
She stood before her favorite, an image of A'Ran the way she remembered him from the day they'd first met.
While the distance to her aunt's trailer was only a half dozen blocks, once the January sun had retired after its day's work, it would be a cold walk.
Fred began eating his cereal, with a serving spoon, a sure sign he wanted to accelerate the process and get on with the day's activities.
There was no charge for Fred, though the counter girl, with a wink at Dean, asked for age verification, telling Fred he didn't look a day over sixty.
Well, you gave me such a hard time when I didn't get you a Christmas card, until the day after, I figured I'd stock up.
Effie explained effusively how she and her sister had spent the day resurrecting their long lost great-aunt, whom Dean wondered if they were about to dub Saint Annie.
Miss Worthington spent the day waiting on Claire and showing her and her sister the old newspapers on microfilm at the library.
You're always testing because surface changes, by the season, the time of day, how many climbers hack away at it, sometimes by the hour.
I've been on climbs in all kinds of weather, some all day, rappelling down at dusk, nearly in the dark, with wind and snow trying to blow me off the wall.
He was in his stocking feet, snowy boots left by the back door after his day at the library and museum.
He's a good looking guy, wealthy, by the sound of it, and frankly, Edith isn't the catch of the day.
Well, I'm sure Fred wasn't a hooker but I'm content to accept him on a present day basis, regardless of why he's so protective of his past.
The darkening sky matched the mood of Bird Song's guests and inhabitants as they woke to a busy Saturday morning, the main day of the ice festival.
Jerome appeared, overly chipper, talking up the other climbers as if he was a life-long participant in the sport, not a second day novice.
He remembered the day, just before they first opened the bed and breakfast, when he'd picked up this Jeep, the first new vehicle he'd ever owned.
It had now been snowing steadily since after dinner yesterday—no, the day before, now that it was long after midnight.
Mrs. Cummings, I think, suspects, though low health now keeps her to her bed and back, except for bodily duties, and to sit up for soup and toast a time or two a day.
But I've got to tell you, it looks pretty funny to see this many suits and uniforms in Ouray on the same day.
Besides, the long day had blurred both their minds to the point of uselessness and Fred punctuated every sentence with a yawn.
It was a signature day in Ouray, better than the best of the area's finest painted or photographed images with the sky so blue, the pines so green and the snow so white, you couldn't paint truer colors with an art store's inventory.
As he peddled downhill toward Ridgway, he could see the east side of the valley, exposed to the southern sun, had melted nearly clear of snow while across the valley, draped in shadow most of the day, the western slope retained almost all its recent covering.
Three or four miles from town, the roadway opened and he slowed, allowing the warmth of the day to soak into his stiff body.
Dean thought about Claire Quincy standing on the top of the stairs, as Edith ascended, naked as the day she was born.
The you in my heaven is the person I create in my mind, the perfect you, who never drinks his milk from the cereal bowl and remembers every birthday and holiday with the nicest card he buys the day before, and he sends roses for no reason at all....
During the two weeks there was a Mexican dinner at the Catholic church, a couple of movies, three evenings at the Ouray Hot Springs Pool and even a day of downhill skiing at Telluride.
Each day of the following two weeks, Gabriel retrieved the couple, brought them to the same room, and schooled them in the art of feeding without killing.
I get that, but you have my word you will leave this room unscathed within the next day or two.
At this time of day, the best option would be to go to Stanton Street where the expensive boutiques were, and hope to find a lonely, rich wife getting back at her husband by spending his money.
While driving her home Jackson asked if she would take a ride to the Berkshires with him the following day.
As he headed into Fairhaven carrying the canvas, Jackson realized with a start that he had not fed all day.
He was sitting, reveling in the day and enjoying his new art treasure, when he heard Connor's car come up the drive.
Jackson often joked that the day would come when she would spend more on a pair of shoes than he did on a car.
He saw the disappointment in her face, and wondered if she had hoped, as he had, that they would spend a lazy day learning all about each other's bodies.
Every year, the full moon in January is the Wolf Moon and there is a three day festival that all werewolves attend… kind of our high holiday.
Jackson ran his fingers through her hair, reflecting on the day and the new challenge they faced with her pack.
They had accomplished quite a bit the previous day, and Sarah felt comfortable about being away for the next two days.
Sarah had asked Elisabeth to help with pies, so they spent the better part of the day in the kitchen.
Sarah related whole story, ending with, "Never thought I'd see the day that man would have a moral compass, let alone be one."
They finished one day before the full moon, and all stood admiring their accomplishment as Elisabeth said, I'm going to do some great work here.
I have some that give over two gallons a day and I've sold some that only gave a quart each milking.
Nor did she find anything particularly unusual about the fact that Alex stayed all day Sunday and took a plane back to Houston, leaving his truck for Carmen to drive.
