
Even so, he managed to communicate better than the average person, and when he did say something, it was generally well thought out.
So, let's say on average the pan is worth $, to everyone who uses it—all the way from the people who just think it is "cool" to the people who it saves from food poisoning to the people whose lives and houses it saves.
China pulled out all the stops, dividing its farmland into about twenty-five thousand collective farms with an average of five thousand households each.
Stout, about the average height, broad, with huge red hands; he did not know, as the saying is, how to enter a drawing room and still less how to leave one; that is, how to say something particularly agreeable before going away.
The basal plain of these terraces is the bed of the ocean, which on the Pacific side has an average depth of , ft.
The canton is purely an administrative division, containing on an average, about twelve communes, though some exceptional communes are big enough to contain more than one canton.
The terrace closest to the land, known as the continental shelf, has an average depth of  ft., and connects Australia, New Guinea, and Tasmania in one unbroken sweep. Compared with other continents, the Australian continental shelf is extremely narrow, and there are points on the eastern coast where the land plunges down to oceanic depths with an abruptness rarely paralleled.
The average area occupied by it in the years from  to  was ,, acres, the total average production being ,, cwt.
The table below gives the average production of zinc, argentiferous lead, iron-pyrites and other ores during the quinquennial period f .
Salt, &c.Rock-salt is worked chiefly in the department of Meurthe-et-Moselle,which produces more than half the average annual product of salt.
Metallurgy.The average production and value of iron and steel manufactured in France in the last four decades of the I th century is shown below Cast Iron.
The average value of the principal articles of import and export (special trade) over quinquennial periods following  is shown in the two tables below.
The range is here called the Muniong, but farther north it receives the name of Monaro Range; the latter has a much reduced altitude, its average being only about  feet.
The higher steppes, as far as they are known, consist of Ordovician and Cambrian rocks, with an average elevation of  to  ft.
Besides state schools there were  private schools, with  teachers and , scholars, the average number of scholars in attendance being ,.
The benefits attaching to membership and the number of the members were increased during the Empire, when the average number somewhat exceeded thirty thousand.
The success of Bonaparte in reorganizing France may be ascribed to his determined practicality and to his perception of the needs of the average man.
The till plains of north-western Ohio are drained chiefly by the Maumee and Sandusky rivers, with their tributaries, and the average fall of the Maumee is only . ft.
The average size of the farms decreased from . acres in  to . acres in  and . acres in .
But the average of two presi dential votes was .%; and the maxima, minima and means for mayors and governors were respectively ., ., . and  ., . , . .
The running expenses per capita in  were $.; more than twice the average of  leading cities of the country (New York, $.; Chicago, $.).
It seems to make little difference exactly what distance they are, so long as they are not wider apart on average land than i ft.
There is in the cotton states a rural population of over ,,, more or less occupied in cottongrowing, and capable, at the low average of ioo lb a day, of picking daily nearly o, bales.
The average yield of lint per " saw " in the United States, when working under perfect conditions, is about  lb per hour.
Some of the American ginners are very large indeed, a number (Bulletin of the Bureau of the Census on Cotton Production) being reported as containing on the average   saws with an average production of  bales of cotton.
Using average prices paid for nitrogen, phosphoric acid and potash when bought in large quantities and in good forms, these ingredients, in a ton of cotton seed, amount to $. worth of fertilizing material.
The hulls thus burned produced an ash containing an average of % of phosphoric acid and % of potash - a very valuable fertilizer in itself, and one eagerly sought by growers of tobacco and vegetables.
The boll worm is most destructive in the south-western states, where the damage done is said to vary from  to % of the crop. Taking a low average of %, the annual loss due to the pest is estimated at about  - ,,, and it occupies second place amongst the serious cotton pests of the U.S.A. The boll worm is widely spread through the tropical and temperate zones.
The table indicates the chief cottonproducing islands, the acreage in each, yield, average value per pound and total value of the crop in -.
Up to the year  there was an average yearly export equivalent to about  bales of  lb, after which date the export practically ceased.
It is sometimes assumed that this is measured perfectly by the standard deviation,' which is obtained by taking the squares of the differences between the average and the individual prices, summing them and extracting the square root.
Now frequency of movement, average daily price variation, and range of price movements are matters of fundamental importance to the public. Hence for practical purposes we require several kinds of measurement of price movements, and it is impossible to weigh exactly the one against the other in respect of importance.
The points just noted apply also to the average fluctuation and the standard deviation, but it is probable in these cases that daily or even weekly quotations would be sufficient to yield the information sought for with sufficient exactness for purposes of comparison.
Average Quantities of Raw Cotton imported Annually into the United Kingdom from the following Countries in the Periods - and -.
He assumes that in what is considered a good producing district the amount of petroleum which can be obtained from a cubic foot of rock would not be more than a gallon, and that the average thickness of the oil-bearing rock would not exceed  ft.
But this poor average is largely accounted for by the inclusion of the almost uninhabited northern steppe-land; and those parts of Syria, which are settled, show a much higher rate.
Some , Basuto (annual average) find employment outside the Territory, more than half of whom seek farm and domestic service.
Seven-eighths of the revenue comes from the hut tax and customs. The average annual revenue for the five years - was £,; the average annual expenditure £,.
The average elevation of the surface of the state above the sea-level is less than that of any other state except Louisiana, but there is not the monotony of unbroken level which descriptions and maps often suggest.
As the number of farms increased faster than the cultivated area from  to , the average size of farms declined from  acres in  to  in  and to . in o, the largest class of farms being those with an acreage varying from  to  acres.
In  the average farm prices of tobacco was  cents per lb higher than that of any other state.
Milwaukee River remains closed on an average for one hundred days - from the beginning of December to the middle of March.
The average date of the opening and closing of navigation at the strait of Mackinac, where the ice remains longest, is the th of April and the th of January respectively.'
The principal crop is Bermuda onions; in  it was estimated that o acres in the vicinity were devoted to this crop, the average yield per acre being about , lb.
At San Juan the average annual rainfall is about  in.; nearly two-thirds of this falls from J une to November inclusive.
There were over , farms, nearly all of them small, and the average number of acres cultivated on each was not more than fifteen.
In the latter division are comprised the two Vindhyan districts of Saugor and Damoh, Jubbulpore at the head of the Nerbudda valley, and the four Satpura districts of Mandla, Seoni, Betul and Chhindwara, which enjoy, owing to their greater elevation, a distinctly lower average temperature than the rest of the province.
During  the death-rate for the whole province rose to sixty-nine per thousand, or double the average, while the birth-rate fell to twenty-seven per thousand.
It therefore appears that the difference between the heats of combustion of two adjacent members of a series of homologous compounds is practically a constant, and that this constant has two average values, viz.
The average value for primary alcohols is . cal., but many large differences from this value obtain in certain cases.
Near Seathwaite, below Styhead Pass, the largest annual rainfall in the British Isles is recorded, the average (-) being . in., while . was measured in  and . in.
The original drawings for this map had to be done with exceptional neatness, the draughtsman spending twelve months on that which he would have completed in four months had it been intended to engrave the map on copper; yet an average chart, measuring  by  mm., which would have taken two years and nine months for drawing and engraving, was completed in less than fifteen months - fifty days of which were spent in " retouching " the copper plate.
Agriculture is better conducted than in most of the departments of France, and the average yield per acre is greater.
The whole region is characterized by a remarkable degree of physical uniformity, and may be broadly described as a vast plateau of an average elevation of  ft., bounded westwards by the Ethiopian and Galla highlands and northwards by an inner and an outer coast range, skirting the south side of the Gulf of Aden in its entire length from the Harrar uplands to Cape Guardafui.
The average annual rainfall at Berbera is about  in., and more than half of this amount has fallen in one day.
Bryan Edwards estimated the total import into all the British colonies of America and the West Indies from  to  at ,,, being an annual average of ,.
The boundary line follows the crest of the principal chain or ridge (Riesenkamm), which stretches along the northern side of the group, with an average height of over  ft.
The average elevation of the state above the sea is only about  ft., and practically the only parts more than  ft.
Its breadth along the Mississippi within Louisiana ranges from to to  or  m., and that along the Red river and the Ouachita has an average breadth of to m.
Cereals and forage plants can be successfully grown everywhere, and varied and profitable agriculture is possible even on the " pine-barrens " or uplands of the N.; but more intelligent and more intensive farming is necessary than that practised by the average " pineywoods " farmer.
The average attendance of enrolled black and white pupils is practically identical, but the enrolment of whites (about % in ) is somewhat higher and that of the blacks about a third lower than their ratio in the population.
In - the yearly average sent to the United States was ,, cigars, ,, lb of leaf and ,, packages of cigarettes.
In the quinquennial period - (immediately preceding the War of Independence) the average yearly commerce of the island in and out was $,, with the United States; and $,, with Spain.'
The average of settlement per square mile varied from . in Havana province to . in Camaguey, and was . for all of Cuba; the percentage of urban population (in cities, that is, with more than  inhabitants) in the different provinces.
In the last days of Spanish rule (), there were  public and  private schools, and not more than , pupils enrolled; in  there were  public schools with an enrolment of , and an average attendance of ,.
There has been a great change in the budget of Cuba since the advent of the Republic. In - the average annual income was $,,, the annual average expenditure $  ,  ,  .
Of the expenditure more than ten million dollars annually went for the public debt, . to  millions for the army and navy, as much more for civil administration (including more than two millions for purely Peninsular services with which the colony was burdened); and on an average probably one million more went for sinecures.
The line was designed, surveyed and constructed by Turkish engineers - employing Ottoman navvies and labourers - in a highly efficient and economical manner, the average cost per mile having been £, although considerable engineering difficulties had to be overcome, especially in the construction of the Haifa branch.
The budget of Eyubi Effendi is particularly interesting as giving the statement of revenue and expenditure for an average year, whereas the budget of Ainy-Ali was a budget of expenditure only, and even in this respect the budget of Eyubi Effendi is far more detailed and complete.
The only exception made to this rule was in the case of revenues showing a yearly increase, such as Post Office revenue, tobacco, salt, for which were taken the figures of  () increased by a certain average."
Table A gives the produce of the revenues in -, the last year of the administration of the " Galata Bankers," the average product of the first, second, third, fourth and fifth quinquennial periods since the public council was established, and of the year -.
He himself tried versification, and some of his lines which have come down to us appear quite equal to the average work of his contemporaries.
He had much territory to occupy, and in the long march of on an average  days, he considered that they could be organized, equipped and drilled en route.
The mountainous tract has probably an average altitude of between  and  ft., with a temperate climate and regular rainfall, and is fertile and populous.
It has an average height of over  i, ft., whereas the loftiest peaks in Algeria do not exceed  ft., and the highest in Tunisia are under  ft.
The average number of seals killed annually is about ,. The  Owing to representations of the Swedish government in  as to the killing of seals at breeding time on the east coast of Greenland, and the consequent loss of young seals left to die of starvation, the Seal Fisheries Act  was passed in England to provide for the establishment of a close time for seal fishery in the seas in question.
The point of this leading shoot is subsequently pinched off, that it may not draw away too much of the sap. If the fruit sets too abundantly, it must be thinned, first when as large as peas, reducing the clusters, and then when as large as nuts to distribute the crop equally; the extent of the thinning must depend on the vigour of the tree, but one or two fruits ultimately left to each square foot of wall is a full average crop. The final thinning should take place after stoning.
About the time of the maxima there must be a longer tidal range (that is, a greater rise and fall than the average); the difference between neap tides and spring tides will also be increased, and as results of these conditions there must be great tidal floods breaking over lowlying coasts and producing extensive denudation.
On the view of the process of conduction described above, the amount of electricity conveyed per second is measured by the product of the number of ions, known from the concentration of the solution, the charge carried by each of them, and the velocity with which, on the average, they move through the liquid.
The concentration is known, and the conductivity can be measured experimentally; thus the average velocity with which the ions move past each other under the existent electromotive force can be estimated.
The yield of rubber varies, but it is stated on an average to be Io lb of rubber per tree, and if carefully tapped one tree will yield this amount for many years in succession.
The tree is ready for tapping at about the same age as Hevea and the average yield of rubber is about the same.
In the case of the peasants the allotments vary on an average from  to  acres (in some cases from . to  acres); the Transbaikal Cossacks have about  acres per male head, and the indigenous population  to  acres.
The southern parts of Tobolsk, nearly all the government of Tomsk (exclusive of the Narym region), southern Yeniseisk and southern Irkutsk, have in an average year a surplus of grain varying from  to % of the total crop, but in bad years the crop falls short of the actual needs of the population.
As nearly as can be estimated, the total imports into Siberia amount approximately to £,,, the amount having practically doubled between  and ; the total exports average about £,,.
The average elevation of the province is considerable, and the maximum height ( ft.) is reached in the Pena Trevinca on the eastern border of Orense.
The height of the river at Lechlade is  ft., the average fall between Lechlade and London,  m., being rather less than  in.
The average gaugings at Teddington for the summer months of the years  to  were in July ,, gallons a day, in August ,, gallons, and in September ,, gallons.
Casuistry came to the aid of average human nature - that is to say, pupils began to confront the master with hard cases taken from daily life.
Parshall quotes tests of six samples of iron, described as of good quality, which showed an average hysteresis loss of  ergs per c.cm.
If, however, this non-magnetic substance is cooled to a temperature a few degrees below freezing-point, it becomes as strongly magnetic as average cast-iron (µ =  for H = ), and retains its magnetic properties indefinitely at ordinary temperatures.
A portion of the estate, equal in size to the average holdings, is left to the owner, without, however, the proviso that this portion must necessarily coincide with the administrative centre, the manor or family house.
The average annual value of the imports for the years - was X,, (L,, for -), of exports £,, (,r, for -).
The northern and western parts of this plateau have an average elevation a little less than that of the Atlantic margin, and their slopes are toward the south and east, those of Goyaz and Matto Grosso being abrupt and deeply eroded.
The average rainfall throughout the whole Amazon valley is estimated by Reclus as " probably in excess of  ' metres " (. in.), and the maximum rise of the great flood is about  ft.
The returns also show a total of ,, domiciles outside the federal capital, which gives an average of . to the domicile.
The tree has an average height of - ft., begins bearing five years after planting, requires little attention beyond occasional irrigation, bears two crops a year (June and December), and produces well until it is forty years of age - the yield being from  to  lb per acre of  trees.
In the extreme north of Upper Burma the rainfall is rather less than in the country adjoining Rangoon, and in the dry zone the annual average falls as low as  and  in.
If the distribution of the thrust is not uniform, as, for instance, on a vertical or inclined face or wall of a reservoir, then P/A represents the average pressure over the area; and the actual pressure at any point is the average pressure over a small area enclosing the point.
Thus water being about Boo times denser than air and mercury . times denser than water, k/h = ,/p =  X . = Io,; () and with an average barometer height of  in.
A tree may yield  gallons of juice a day and continue flowing for six weeks; but on an average only about  lb of sugar are obtained from each tree,  to  gallons of sap giving  lb of sugar.
The sap is drawn off from the upper growing portion of the stem, and altogether an average tree will run in a season  lb of toddy, from which about  lb of raw sugar - jaggery - is made by simple and rude processes.
At the present day, thanks to the careful study of many years, the improvements of cultivation, the careful selection of seed and suitable manuring, especially with nitrate of soda, the average beet worked up contains % of fibre and % of juice, and yields in Germany .% and in France .% of its weight in sugar.
The average weight per acre was over  tons, and the mean percentage of pure sugar in the juice exceeded Isl.
When, in April , Mr Asquith became premier, and Mr Lloyd George chancellor of the exchequer, the sugar convention The world's trade in cane and beet sugar in tons avoirdupois at decennial periods from  to , inclusive, and yearly from  to  inclusive, with the percentage of beet sugar and the average price per cwt.
The cane and beet sugar crops of the world for -, with the average of the crops fdr the seven preceding years from -.
The method introduced by Dyer of dissolving out the mineral constituents of the soil with a i% solution of citric acid, which represents about the average acidity of the roots of most common plants, yields better results.
Without a sufficient supply plants remain stunted and the crop yield is seriously reduced, as we see in dry seasons when the rainfall is much below the average.
In the case of fair average farm crops it has been shown that for the production of one ton of dry matter contained in them from  to  tons of water has been absorbed and utilized by the plants.
In the semi-arid regions of the United States, Argentina and other countries where the average annual rainfall lies between ioa to  in., irrigation is necessary to obtain full crops every year.
In the interior of northern and central Arabia, however, where the average level of the country exceeds  ft., the fiery heat of the summer days is followed by cool nights, and the winter climate is fresh and invigorating; while in the highlands of Asir and Yemen in the south-west, and of Oman in the east, the summer heat is never excessive, and the winters are, comparatively speaking, cold.
In the Tehama occasional showers fall during the winter months; at Aden the average rainfall for the year is . in., but during  only . in.
By these magnificent works of regulation the new bed was brought nearer to the town, and the new river channel has an average width of  ft.
The average length is about  m., and the average breadth  m.; consequently the area may be estimated at , sq.
The rainfall in the first geographical division is pretty constant, and may reach a yearly average of about  in.
Over the second and third divisions the rainfall is less constant, and its yearly average may not exceed  in.
It is certain that, in the general average, year after year, the force with which Mercury is drawn toward the sun does vary from the exact inverse square of its distance from the sun.
In the rich display of the th of November , the average distance of the particles was computed as about  m., in that of the th of November  as about  m., and in that of the th of November  as about  m.
It may be described as a flat, open country, hemmed in by mountains on the north, west and south, but opening eastwards on to the great plain of the Carnatic; the average height of the plain above sea-level is about  ft.
The number of farms remained about the same- in  and  in ; but the average area decreased from . acres to . acres.
The average number of employes in  was ,; in , ,; and in  The  census of manufactures gives statistics only for establishments under the factory system, excluding the hand trades, and gives factory statistics for  and for .
On the other hand, the average depth of the Japan Sea is only  fathoms, and its maximum depth is .
Thus in the thirteen years ending in that is to say, the first period when really scientific apparatus for recording purposes was availableshe was visited by no fewer than , shocks, being an average of something over / daily.
In the capital (Tokyo) the average yearly number of shocks throughout the  years ending in  was , exclusive of minor vibrations, hut during the  years then ending there were only two severe shocks (iS and ), and they were not directly responsible for any damage to life or limb.
Whereas in Tokyo the number of frosty nights during a year does not average much over , the corresponding number in Sapporo on the north-west of Yezo is .
Japan is emphatically a wet country so far as quantity of rainfall is concerned, the average for the whole country being  mm.
They come from tile adjacent continent of Asia, and they de- Wind velop considerable strength owing to the fact that there is an average difference of some  mm.
A comparison of the force habitually developed by the wind in various parts of the islands shows that at Suttsu in Yezo the average strength is  metres per second, while Izuhara in the island Tsu-shima, Kumamoto in KiOshi and Gifu in the east centre of the main island stand at the bottom of the list with an average wind velocity of only  metres.
The meteorological record for ten years ended  shows a total of  typhoons, being an average of  annually.
The total loss, including cost of repairs, was estimated at nearly  millions sterling, which may be regarded as an annual average.
The number of houses in Japan at the end of , when the census was last taken, was ,,, the average number of inmates in each house being thus .,
Finally, there is marked paucity of hair on the face of the average Japaneseapart from the Ainuand what hair there is is nearly always straight.
In support of that theory it is pointed out that the average Japanese, man or woman, will recount a death or some other calamity in his own family with a perfectly calm, if not a smiling, face.
Whatever may be said of the upper class, it is probably true that the average Japanese will not sacrifice expediency on the altar of truth.
The average Japanese may be said to live without artificial heat; his paper doors admit the light but do not exclude the cold.
A majority of the artists are content to copy old pictures of Buddhas sixteen disciples, the seven gods of happiness, and other similar assemblages of mythical or historical personages, not only because such work offers large opportunity for the use of striking colors and the production of meretricious effects, dear to the eye of the average Western householder and tourist, but also because a complicated design, as compared with a simple one, has the advantage of hiding the technical imperfections of the ware.
However, although they run very swiftly, when their size and heavy build is considered, they are no match for an average good horse.
The rains usually begin at the end of June and last till the middle of September; average annual rainfall,  in.
The prices are a bit higher than what you'd expect to pay at an average burger joint...but then again, these aren't your average burgers.
The number  stands obviously in connexion with the thirty days as the average extent of his course until he stands again in conjunction with the sun.
On an average day in this part of the peninsula the temperature in a European house ranged from ° to °.
The average number of weeks in the "legal schools" (about % of the public schools) was  weeks in -.
There is no doubt that under average conditions of atmospheric density, the . should be replaced by , for many independent authorities using different methods have found values very close to this last figure.
In cases where the density of the air is not of average value, as on a high mountain, or with an exceptionally low barometer for example, an allowance must be made.
In the experiment imagined by Lord Rayleigh a porous diaphragm takes the place of the partition and trap-doors imagined by Clerk Maxwell, and the molecules sort themselves automatically on account of the difference in their average velocities for the two gases.
The limit of speed of lift of hand cranes has already been mentioned; for steam jib cranes average practice is represented by the.
The husbandman was bound to carry out the proper cultivation, raise an average crop and leave the field in good tilth.
The average speed is obtained very accurately from solar and stellar observations for the position of the ship. The difference between the speed of the ship and the rate of paying out gives the amount of.
In the period from  to  the number of messages carried annually by all the telegraph companies of the United Kingdom increased from ,, to ,,, or an average annual increase of . per cent.
The Belgian state telegraphs were started in  and were at first very profitable, but for the years - they yielded an average profit of only . per cent., and subsequently failed to earn operating expenses, the reasons for the steady decline of the profits being the opening of relatively unprofitable lines and offices, increases in wages, and a diminution in growth of the foreign and transit messages which had constituted the most profitable part of the whole business.
By stretching on the island and mainland parallel wire circuits earthed at each end, good telephonic communication over an average distance of  m.
The Postmaster-General agreed also to buy the private wire plant of the company at a value based upon three years' purchase of the net profits on the average of the three years ending st of December .
The average cost of constructing an exchange circuit in the metropolitan area (including the installation of telephone instruments and of exchange apparatus, but excluding the provision of spare plant) has been £.
The Po itself, which is here a very large stream, with an average width of  to  yds., continues to flow with an undivided mass of waters as far as Sta Maria di Ariano, where it parts into two arms, known as the Po di Maestra and Po di Goro, and these again are subdivided into several other branches, forming a delta above  m.
This mountainous tract, which has an average breadth of from  to  m., is bounded west by the plain of Campania, now called the Terra di Lavoro, and east by the much broader and more extensive tract of Apulia or Puglia, composed partly of level plains, but for the most part of undulating downs, contrasting strongly with the mountain ranges of the Apennines, which rise abruptly above them.
The average expectation of life at birth for the same period was  years and II months,  years and  months at the age of three years,  years at the age of fifteen,  years at the age of twenty-four,  years at the age of forty; while the average period of life, which was  years  months per individual in , was  yearf per individual in .
This shows a considerable improvement, largely, but not entirely, in the diminution of infant mortality; the expectation of life at birth in , it is true, was only  years and  months, and at three years of age  years I month; but the increase, both in the expectation of life and in its average duration, goes all through the different ages.
The vine is cultivated throughout the length and breadth of Italy, but while in some of the districts of the south and centre it occupies from  to % of the cultivated area, in some of the northern provinces, such as Sondrio, Belluno, Grosseto, &c., the average is only about I or % The methods of cultivation are varied; but the planting of the vines by themselves in long rows of insignificant bushes is the exception.
The exportation in I only reached about  million gallons (and even that is double the average), while an equally abundant vintage in France and Spain rendered the exportation of the balance of  impossible, and fiscal regulations rendered the distillation of the superfluous amount difficult.
The Italian parishes had in  a total gross revenue, including assignments from the public worship endowment fund, of ,, or an average of  per parish; % of this gross sum consists of revenue from glebe lands.
The Italian sees (exclusive of Rome and of the suburbicarian sees) have a total annual revenue of , equal to an average of  per see.
After being depressed between  and , the prices in Italy and abroad reached, in , on the Rome Stock Exchange, the average  . and of . on the Paris Bourse.
Unfortunately, the new survey was made largely optional, so that provinces which had reasor to hope for a diminution of land tax under a revised assessment hastened to complete their survey, while others, in which the average of the land tax was below a normal assessment, neglected to comply with the provisions of the scheme.
When we recollect the empiricist starting-point of science, it is curious to observe with what vehemence the average man of science now rejects free will.
Iwanzov [] has brought forward strong grounds for the latter view, pointing out that the cnidoblast has no contractile mechanism and that measurements show discharged capsules to be on the average slightly larger than undischarged ones.
The increasing number of measurements of the height of land in all continents and islands, and the very detailed levellings in those countries which have been thoroughly surveyed, enable the average elevation of the land above sea-level to be fairly estimated, although many vast gaps in accurate knowledge remain, and the estimate is not an exact one.
Thus the best approximation to the average depth of the ocean is little more than an expert guess; yet a fair approximation is probable for the features of sub-oceanic relief are so much more uniform than those of the land that a smaller number of fixed points is required to determine them.
Density of population is measured by the average number of people residing on a unit of area; but in order to compare one part of the world with another the average should, strictly speaking, be taken for regions of equal size or of equal population; and the portions of the country which are permanently uninhabitable ought to be excluded from the calculation.'
The pseudo-coprolites of the Suffolk Crag have been estimated by Herapath to be as rich in phosphates as the true ichthyo-coprolites and saurio-coprolites of other formations, the proportion of P  O  contained varying between . and .%, the average proportion, however, being  or %.
During the eighteen years that he was inquisitor-general it is said that he burnt ,  persons, condemned  others to be burnt in effigy, and reconciled ,, thus making an average of some  convictions a year.
This compares with an average of . inches at Bishop's Court, Newlands, at the foot of the mountain on the east and with  . inches at Cape Town at the northern foot of the mountain.
The Dzungarian Ala-tau Mountains, which separate it from Kulja, extend south-west towards the river Ili, with an average height of  ft.
The average annual birth-rate is about  per , and the death-rate about . About % of the births are illegitimate.
In provincial matters each province is independent, holds its own synods, makes its own laws, and elects its own governing board; but the General Synod meets, on the average, every ten years at Herrnhut, and its regulations are binding in all the provinces.
The highest volcanoes, Tabanan, Batur and Gunung Agung (Bali Beak), have respectively heights of  ft.,    ft., and , ft., the central chain having an average altitude of  ft.
Russia, which is going on from Esthonia and Finland to the Kola peninsula and Novaya Zemlya, at an average rate of about two feet per century.
Thus from  to  the population increased %, and from  to  ., an average annual increase of about % as compared with an average annual increase of % during the period -.
The average number of women to every  men in the Russian governments proper was .; in Poland, .; in Finland, .; in Caucasia, .; in Siberia, '; and in Turkestan and Transcaspia,  o.
During the two following years it amounted to an average of over ,, but in the years - to an average of , per annum.
On the whole, February and March continue to be cold, and their average temperatures rise above zero nowhere except on the Black Sea coast.
In Kovno, Vilna, Mogilev, Grodno, Volhynia, Podolia, Minsk, Vitebsk, Kiev, Bessarabia and Kherson, they constitute, on the average,  to % of the population, while in the cities and towns of these governments they reach  to % of the population.
In the twelve central governments they grow, on the average, sufficient rye-bread for only  days in the year - often for only.
The average allotment in Kherson is only . acre, and for allotments from . to . acres the peasants pay  to  roubles of redemption tax.
Out of an average of some ,, tons of pig-iron produced annually in the whole of the Russian empire, .% is produced in the basin of the Donets, and out of an average of ,, tons of worked iron and steel .% are prepared in the same region.
The growth of the sugar industry is shown by the fact that in - the average annual production of sugar was , tons, in - it was ,, tons.
The amount of capital which parliament authorized railway companies to raise was about  millions on the average of the two years -,  millions in ,  millions in , and  millions in , though this last sum was less than a quarter of the capital proposed in the schemes submitted to the Board of Trade; and the wild speculation which occurred in railway shares in  contributed largely to the financial crisis of .
Moreover, the average tractive power per locomotive and the average capacity per freight car advanced greatly in this period, although specific figures cannot be given.
The total paid-up railway capital of the United Kingdom amounted, in , to £,,,, or an average capitalization of £, per route mile, though it should be noted that this total included £,, of nominal additions through " stock-splitting," &c. Per mile of single track, the capitalization in England and Wales, Scotland, Ireland and the United Kingdom, is shown in Table VIII.
The average value of the product of these percentages, namely o  Xo  =. say, may be used to investigate generally the working of a locomotive; the actual value could only be determined by experiment in any particular case.
This would be distributed between three coupled axles giving an average of . tons per axle, though the distribution might not in practice be uniform, a larger proportion of the weight falling on the driving-axle.
The expression for the indicated horse-power may be written I.H.P. =pay/ () where v is the average piston speed in feet per second.
Their boilers are of relatively large proportions for the train weight and average speed, and the driving wheels of small diameter, a large proportion of their total weight being " adhesive."
In the United States there is in most cases nominally only one class, denominated first class, and the average fare obtained by the railways is about id.
The inclusive speed over a long journey is of course a different thing from the average running speed, on account of the time consumed in intermediate stops; the fewer the stops the more easily is the inclusive speed increased, - hence the advantage of the non-stop runs of  and zoo m.
Over shorter distances still more rapid running is occasionally arranged, and in Great Britain, France and the United States there are instances of trains scheduled to maintain an average speed of  m.
But isolated examples of high speeds do not give the traveller much information as to the train service at his disposal, for on the whole he is better off with a large number of trains all maintaining a good average of speed than with a service mostly consisting of poor trains, but leavened with one or two exceptionally fast ones.
On the continent of Europe the average carrying capacity is rather higher; though wagons of less than io tons capacity are in use, many of those originally rated at io tons have been rebuilt to hold , and the tendency is towards wagons of - tons as a standard, with others for special purposes holding  or  tons.
About  their average capacity differed little from that of British wagons of the present day, but by  it had grown to zo or  short tons (z ib) and now it is probably at least three times that of European wagons.
Since high average speed on a line with frequent stops depends largely on rapidity of acceleration, the tendency in modern equipment is to secure as great an output of power as possible during the accelerating period, with corresponding increase in weight available for adhesion.
Over an average of years it appears that % of the capital cost was found by the state, % by the province, .% by the communes and  .
Over the lowlands of the Basin, taken generally, there is an average precipitation of perhaps - in., while in the Oregon region it is twice as great, and in the southern parts even less.
A catena of opinions may be produced in favour of almost any theory; but formularies express the collective or average belief of any given period, and changes in them are a sure indication that there has been a general change in ideas.
In any case, the Samoans are the most perfect type of Polynesians, of a light brown colour, splendid physique, and handsome regular features, with an average height of  ft.
In the central, north-eastern and north-western sections, embracing the counties of Nye, Elko and Humboldt, the average annual rainfall varies from  to  in.; in the west-central section, at the foot of the Sierra, the average is about  in.
In  in the amount of barley per acre ( bushels) Nevada ranked third, and in the average farm price per bushel ($.) ranked first among the barley-producing states of the country, but in the total amount produced (, bushels) held only the twenty-second place; and in the same year the average yield of potatoes per acre in Nevada was  bushels, exceeded in two states - the average for the entire country was . bushels per acre - but the total crop in Nevada (, bushels) was smaller than in any state or Territory of the Union, except New Mexico.
Along the eastern border of this delta, and southward of it, along the Mississippi itself, extends a belt of hills or bluffs (sometimes called "cane-hills"), which is cut by deep ravines and, though very narrow in the north, has in the south an average width of about to m.
After the abolition of slavery, farms greatly decreased in size and increased in number; the number grew from , in  to , in ; the average size fell from . acres in  to . acres in .
On the Khasi hills, at an elevation of about  ft., the average of ten years is more than  in.
The average man is pessimist or optimist not on theoretical grounds, but owing to the circumstances of his life, his material prosperity, his bodily health, his general temperament.
The exports through the Black Sea ports of Batum, Poti and Novo-rossiysk average in value a little over £ro,, annually, though showing a tendency to increase slightly.
The annual average value maybe put at not quite £,,, machinery and tin-plate being a long way the most important items. There is further a small transit trade through Transcaucasia from Persia to the value of less than half a million sterling annually, and chiefly in carpets, cocoons and silk, wool, rice and boxwood; and further a sea-borne trade between Persia and Caucasian.
In  excessively heavy autumn rains washed the arable soils to such an extent that the next season's corn crops were below average.
Between these two occurrences came the disastrous decline in the value of grain in the autumn of , when the weekly average price of English wheat fell to the record minimum of s.
On the other hand, the output of California, which was producing over £,, per annum in , has fallen off, the average annual output from  to  being £,,; in  the yield was £,,.
The gold carries, on an average, £ per ton, and is worked by ordinary methods of goldmining, stamp-milling and cyaniding.
The cavalry of his left wing stood fast, west of Doon Hill, as a pivot of manoeuvre, the northern face of Doon (where the ground rises from the burn at an average slope of fifteen degrees and is even steeper near the summit) he left unoccupied.
Pleasant north-east winds blow for an average of  days a year, cool northerly winds for  days, east winds  days, west for  days.
The rent of average land is about £ an acre, of very good land over £; favoured spots, irrigated from running springs, are worth up to £ an acre.
The Hindenburg line had been breached on a front of nine miles, and an average advance of seven miles effected in the face of the most formidable obstacles, both natural and artificial.
Reynolds, in his investigation, introducing no new form of law of distribution of velocities, uses a linear quantity, proportional to the mean free path of the gaseous molecules, which he takes to represent (somewhat roughly) the average distance from which molecules directly affect, by their convection, the state of the medium; the gas not being uniform on account of the gradient of temperature, the change going on at each point is calculated from the elements contributed by the parts at this particular distance in all directions.
At the beginning of the th century an average of about ,, tons was produced every year, and many large foundries were at work.
The plain lying between this coast range and the Andes dips below sea-level in the gulfs of Ancud and Corcovado (average width,  m.).
The completeness of the ruin which threatened them may be illustrated by the statistics for a single commune, that of Graveson, whose average annual production of wine in the years-was about , gallons.
Delaware lies on the Atlantic coastal plain, and is for the most part level and relatively low, its average elevation above the sea being about so ft.
Seven-tenths of this was improved land, and the expenditure per farm for fertilizers, greater in  than the average of the Atlantic states, approximated $ per farm in .
The average size of farms, as in the other states, has declined, falling from . acres in  to i io r acres in .
Siemens has pointed out that a profile of the sea-bed can be delineated by taking account of the varying strain on a submarine cable while it is being laid, and the average depth of a section can thus be ascertained with some accuracy.
Red clay is the deposit peculiar to the abysmal area;  carefully investigated samples collected by the " Challenger " came from an average depth of  fathoms,  specimens collected by the " Tuscarora " came from an average depth of  fathoms, and  samples obtained by the " Albatross " in the Central Pacific came from an average depth of  fathoms. Red clay has not yet been found in depths less than  fathoms. The main ingredient of the deposit is a stiff clay which is plastic when fresh, but dries to a stony hardness.
Mill has shown that in the North Sea off the Firth of Forth the average depth of visibility of a disk in the winter half-year was ; fathoms and in the summer half-year  fathoms, and, although the greater frequency of rough weather in winter might tend to obscure the effect, individual observations made it plain that the angle of the sun was the main factor in increasing the depth to which the disk remained visible.
For the last thirty years the average increase in the output has been % per annum, and that in the exports (including bunkers) % per annum.
In  Mr Hussey reported (Zool., p. ) the average annual captures near Worthing to exceed , dozens - nearly all being cockbirds; and a witness before a committee of the House of Commons in  stated that, when a boy, he could take forty  The more common German name, however, is Distelfink (ThistleFinch) or Stieglitz.
If P represent the average value of the component of a force in the direction of the displacement, s, of its point of application, the product Ps measures the work done during the displacement.
When the force acts on a body free to turn about a fixed axis only, it is convenient to express the work done by the transformed product TO, where T is the average turning moment or torque acting to produce the displacement  radians.
Along the coast the average number of days during a year in which the temperature falls below freezing-point is only  or , but in the Panhandle this average is .
The total farm acreage was ,, acres in , the total number of farms  being ,, their average acreage . acres, . per cent.
The highest average quantity of rough milled rice per establishment in the United States in  was for Texas, where seventeen establishments produced an average of ,, ib, valued, together with that of other rice products, at $,,.
Between  and  the average number of acres to a farm slightly increased - from . acres in  to . acres in  - instead of decreasing as in the older states of the Union; though the increase was not nearly so marked as in such states as Nevada, Montana, Wyoming and Texas.
As the temperature of a body increases the average energy of the molecules will increase, and therefore the range of their excursions from their positions of equilibrium will increase also.
It follows that the average distance apart of the molecules in the gaseous state is roughly ten times as great as in the solid or liquid state, and hence that in the gaseous state the molecules are at distances apart which are large compared with their linear dimensions.
But it can be shown that from the aggregation of these separate short motions the particle ought to have a resultant motion, described with an average velocity which, although much smaller than  mm.
Straw or grass hats, straw mats, samshu (from the Shao-sing district), Chinese drugs, vegetable tallow and fish are among the chief exports; in  the hats numbered ,,, though in  they had only amounted to ,, and the mats, mainly despatched to south China, average from ,,, to ,,.
Like the districts round Lake Rudolf, the average altitude (near the Nile) is not more than  ft., but the rainfall is more abundant than in the terrible Rudolf region, being an average of  in.
There seems in fact nothing to prevent us from holding that while natural laws express the average tendencies of multitudes they give no clue to the movement of individuals.
For cities of above  inhabitants (for which alone comparative statistics are annually available), in - the ratio of average attendance to school enrolment, the average number of days' attendance of each pupil enrolled, and the value of school property per capita of pupils in average attendance were higher than in any other state; the average length of the school term was slightly exceeded in eight states; and the total cost of the schools per capita of pupils in average attendance ($.) was exceeded in six other states.
In    the percentage of average attendance in the public schools to the number of children (between  and  years) in the state was ; in Barnstable county it was , and in Plymouth ; and the lowest rate of any county was , that of Bristol.
In the same year the amount of the various school taxes and other contributions was $. for each child in the average membership of the public schools, and the highest amount for each child in any county was $. in Suffolk county, and in any township or city $  - in Lincoln.
In  the average period of schooling per inhabitant for the United States was . years, for Massachusetts  years.
The net yearly cost of support and relief from  to  averaged $,,, exclusive of vagrancy cases (average $,).
Occupying  degrees of latitude, living on the shores of frozen or of tropical waters; at altitudes varying from sea-level to several thousands of feet; in forests, grassy prairies or deserts; here starved, there in plenty; with a night here of six months' duration, there twelve hours long; here among health-giving winds, and there cursed with malaria - this brown man became, in different culture provinces, brunette or black, tall or short, long-headed or short-headed, and developed on his own hemisphere variations from an average type.
Some foresights have, however, a lateral motion giving within narrow limits the deflection found to be necessary for the variation of each rifle from the average.
The ratio r would thus first appear as the ratio of the average breadth of a circle to the greatest breadth; the interpretation of  as the ratio of the circumference to the diameter being a secondary one.
In the early stages it is best to use both methods, so as to develop the idea of an average (§ ).
To illustrate the importance of the mensuration of graphs, suppose that we require the average value of u with regard to x.
The " mean ordinate " or average ordinate is an ordinate of length  such that Hl is equal to the area of the trapezette.
The average deficiency in weight of worn silver coin received at the Mint is from  to %, and the mean age somewhat less than  years.
Its surface is diversified by several plateaus, those of Haanhof and of the Livonian Aa having an average elevation of  to  ft., while several summits reach Boo to loon ft.
The winds are very variable; the average number of rainy and snowy days is  at Riga (rainfall . in.).
The rivers and smaller lakes freeze in winter and navigation on the St Lawrence river is closed by ice on the average from about the middle of December until early in April.
The number of farms gradually increased from , in  to , in , and the average size decreased from . .acres in  to . acres in , but increased to . acres in .
The shad fishery is mainly in the lower waters of the Hudson river, and the catch diminished so rapidly from  that in  it was only about one-eighth of the average for the decade from  to .
There were  flocks in ; in  the number had risen to , - average size of each flock about .
Between  and  they rose % bn the average among males of all ages, and as much as % among women and girl workers.
The tribes represented include Jamans, Wongaras and Mandingos (q.v.), some of whom are Moslems. The Mandingos have intermarried largely with the Bambara or Sienuf, an agricultural people of more than average intelligence widely spread over the country, of which they are considered to be the indigenous race.
The remaining hours of the day were divided between work and reading, in the proportion (on the average of the whole year) of about  and  hours respectively.
There is a heavy snowfall in winter on the mountains, and in a large portion of eastern Washington the average annual snowfall is  in.
If the train of waves is reflected, the value of p at AB will be the sum of the values for the two trains, and will, on the average, be doubled.
Its length is  m., average breadth  to  m., greatest breadth  m., least breadth a little less than  m.
The counties where dry farming had been carried on on the largest scale were Missoula, Ravalli, Flathead, Cascade, Fergus and Gallatin, where cereal yields, though not nearly so large as from irrigated lands, were high compared with the average for the country.
In the same year there were , farms exclusive of those on Indian reservations; of these,  contained less than  acres each;  contained more than moo acres each;  contained some irrigated land, the average amount being  acres; , were worked by owners or part owners,  by cash tenants, and  by share tenants.
Speaking generally, the essays of the third book average fully four times the length of those of the other two.
The memory of his father, however, and the commands of the king induced him to accept it; and he seems to have discharged it neither better nor worse than an average magistrate.
The average elevation of the country, however, is not great, and it is more properly described as hilly than as mountainous.
Thus a consolidation engine may weigh  tons with a length over buffers of  ft., corresponding to an average load of . tons per ft.
The average amount of rainfall for the spring is  or  in.; for the summer,  or  in.; for the autumn,  or  in.; and for the winter,  or  in.
The average size of farms (excluding farms under  acres with products valued at less than $) was . acres in  and . acres in .
The average farm value also rose during these ten years from $ to $, and the value per acre advanced from $. to $..
The principal waterway is the Missouri River, whose channel has an average depth at low water of about  ft.
The climate, though somewhat relaxing, is healthy, but there is a scarcity of drinking water, the average annual rainfall being only  in.
As was to he expected from its connexion with the early history of England, and from its beauty and fertility, Kent possessed a larger than average number of monastic foundations.
In  he published his principal work, Sur l'homme et le developpement de ses facultes, ou essai de physique sociale (nd ed., ), containing a resume of his statistical researches on the development of the physical and intellectual qualities of man, and on the "average man" both physically and intellectually considered.
In these works he shows how the numbers representing the individual qualities of man are grouped round the numbers referring to the "average man" in a manner exactly corresponding to that in which single results of observation are grouped round the mean result, so that the principles of the theory of probabilities may be applied to statistical researches on the subjects.
These ideas are further developed in various papers in the Bulletin and in his L'Anthropometrie, ou mesure des differentes facultes de l'homme ('ji), in which he lays great stress on the universal applicability of the binomial law, - according to which the number of cases in which, for instance, a certain height occurs among a large number of individuals is represented by an ordinate of a curve (the binomial) symmetrically situated with regard to the ordinate representing the mean result (average height).
The average size of the farms (excluding farms under  acres with products valued at less than $) was . acres in  and . acres in .
The full force of the monsoon is, however, broken by the western frontier hills; and while the rainfall at Mergui is over , and at Moulmein  in., that of Bangkok seldom exceeds , and Chiengmai records an average of about  in.
The number of teak logs brought out via the Salween and Menam Chao Phaya rivers average , annually, Siam being thus the largest teak-producing country of the world.
Eighteen more islands are on the average as large as Jamaica; and more than a hundred are as large as the Isle of Wight."
The average annual production of tobacco is about fifty million pounds from each of the islands of Java and Sumatra.
The average length is about  ft.; there is no under-fur, and the coat is smooth, black in colour, with the exception of a white horseshoe-mark on the chest.
The draining of the marshes around Pinsk was begun by the government in , and by  ,, acres had been drained at an average cost of s.
Our direct knowledge of matter can, however, never be more than a rough knowledge of the general average behaviour of its molecules; for the smallest material speck that is sensible to our coarse perceptions contains myriads of atoms. The properties of the most minute portion of matter which we can examine are thus of the nature of averages.
We may gradually invent means of tracing more and more closely the average drifts of translation or orientation, or of changes of arrangement, of the atoms; but there will always remain an unaveraged residue devoid of any recognized regularity, which we can only estimate by its total amount.
In all other cases the State gives to the owner a proportionate compensation based on the average prices in the years -.
These figures are based chiefly on the London expenditure and relate to a collection which is probably more varied than any other, but not specially large in numbers, containing on an average a little over  individuals.
The cost of maintaining the collection depends on the numbers received by purchase, in exchange, or presented, but for an average of about £  per annum a collection such as that in London can be adequately maintained.
Proctor in  directed attention to the composition of the slag resulting from the burning of esparto, which they found to be strikingly similar to that of average medical bottle glass, the latter yielding on analysis .% of silica and .% of alkalies and alkaline.
There are higher schools in the principal towns, and the standard of primary education is well up to the average of Spain.
These consist of galactin and lactochrome, substances peculiar to milk, discovered by Winter Blyth, with certain animal principles such as leucin, pepton, kreatin, tyrosin, &c. The salts in milk consist, according to the average of numerous analyses by Fleischmann, of the following Milk thus is not to be regarded as a definite chemical compound nor even as a mixture of bodies in fixed and invariable proportions.
The principal causes of variation in the individual are age, period of lactation, nature and amount of food, state of health, and treatment, such as frequency of milking, &c. The following table indicates the The average quantity of milk yielded by variable, both in individuals and breeds.
For spherical shot is not constant, and a separate ballistic table must be constructed; but may be taken as . on the average.
Since p is determined experimentally and tabulated as a function of v, the velocity is taken as the argument of the ballistic table; and taking Av =, the average value of p in the interval is used to determine AT.
It is found experimentally that m = . is a good average value to take for cordite; so now supposing the combustion of the charge of the -in.
The study of Latin begins in the " high schools," the average age of admission being fifteen and the normal course extending over four years.
In the extreme west part of the state these mountains merge, as it were, into a rolling plateau, the Appalachian Plateau, having an average elevation of  ft.
It is greatest, about  in., on the east slope of Catoctin Mountain, owing to the elevations which obstruct the moisture-bearing winds, and is above the average along the middle of the shores of the Chesapeake.
There were , farms, of which , contained less than  acres,  contained  acres or more, and  contained , acres or more - the average size being . acres.
Between  and , while the population increased .%, the average number of wage-earners employed in manufacturing establishments increased .%, constituting .% of the total population in  and .% in .
By a law of  all teachers who taught an average of  pupils were to receive at least $.
In  the average school year was nine and seven-tenths months - ten in the cities and nine and four-tenths in the counties; the aim is ten months throughout, and a law of  provides that if a school is taught less than nine months a portion of the funds set apart for it shall be withheld.
Reducing the figures to a three years' average, the North furnished about % of her military population, the South not less than % for that term.
Behind the Tell is a lofty table-land with an average elevation of  ft., consisting of vast plains, for the most part arid or covered with esparto grass, in the depressions of which are great salt lakes and swamps (Arabic, shats) fed by streams which can find no outlet to the sea through the encircling hills.
The average number of vessels entering and clearing Algerian ports each year has been, since , about , with a total tonnage of some ,,.
The number of Mahommedans who avail themselves of this rule is very small; naturalizations do not exceed an average of thirty persons a year.
Practically the whole of the north-east Pacific is therefore more than  fathoms deep, and the south-east has two roughly triangular spaces, including the greater part of the area, between  and  fathoms. Notwithstanding this great average depth, the " deeps " or areas over  fathoms are small in number and extent.
The average depth varies from  to  fathoms, and from this level innumerable volcanic ridges and peaks rise almost or quite to the surface, their summits for the most part occupied by atolls and reefs of coral formation, while interspersed with these are depressions, mostly of small area, among which the deepest soundings recorded have been obtained.
Another lowland area embraces that small part of the state in the extreme south-east which lies west of the Tennessee river; this belongs to that part of the Coastal Plain Region which extends north along the Mississippi river; it has in Kentucky an average elevation of less than  ft.
In  the tobacco acreage in Kentucky was ,, the crop was ,, lb, valued at $,  , ; the average price per pound had increased from ' cents in  to ' cents in .
In November  the lawlessness subsided in the Burley after the agreement of the American Tobacco Company to purchase the remainder of the  crop at a " round " price of  cents and a part of the  crop at an average price of  cents, thus making it profitable to raise a full crop in .
The thoroughbred Kentucky horse has long had a world-wide reputation for speed; and the Blue Grass Region, especially Fayette, Bourbon and Woodford counties, is probably the finest horse-breeding region in America and has large breeding farms. In Fayette county, in , the average value of colts between the ages of one and two years was $..
Good whisky is made in Maryland and in parts of Pennsylvania from rye, but all efforts in other states to produce from Indian corn a whisky equal to the Bourbon have failed, and it is probable that the quality of the Bourbon is largely due to the character of the Kentucky lime water and the Kentucky yeast germs. The average annual product of the state from  to  was about ,, gallons; in  the product was valued at $,,; in  at $,,.
In the school year-the school population was ,, the actual enrolment in public schools was ,, the average attendance was ,; there were approximately  male and.
Thus it was that, though beyond question there had been a real advance in the average ethical and spiritual ideas of the people since the time of Isaiah, Jeremiah found himself more isolated than Isaiah had ever been.
The Black Mountain itself has a total length of  to  m., and an average height of  ft.
Including a greater range of time and place, the Roman foot in Italy varied during two or three centuries on an average / from the mean.
Covering a longer time, we find an average variation of / in the Attic foot (), / in the English foot (), / in the English itinerary foot ().
So we may say that an average variation of / by toleration, extending to double that by change of place and time, is usual in ancient measures.
In weights of the same place and age there is a far wider range; at Defenneh (), within a century probably, the average variation of different units is /, /, and /, the range being just the same as in all times and places taken together.
Even in a set of weights all found together, the average variation is only reduced to / in place of / ().
Taking a wider range of place and time, the Roman libra has an average variation of / in the examples of better period (), and in those of Byzantine age / ().
Average variation may be said to range from / to / in different units, doubtless greatly due to defective balances.
Of weights there are scarce any dated, excepting coins, which nearly all decrease; the Attic tetradrachm, however, increased in three centuries (), owing probably to its being below the average trade weight to begin with.
In Greece it is the most usual unit, occurring in the Propylaea at Athens ., temple at Aegina ., Miletus ., the Olympic course ., &c. (); thirteen buildings giving an average of ., mean variation . (), = (/)ths of ., m.
The kat is not unusual in Syria (), and among the haematite weights of Troy () are nine examples, average , but not of extreme varieties.
But the leaden weights of the west () from Corfu, &c., average , or .; this standard was kept up at Cyzicus in trade long after it was lost in coinage.
The silver bars found at Troy averaging , or / mina of , have been attributed to this unit (); but no division of the mina in / is to be expected, and the average is rather low.
In coinage it is one of the commonest units in early times; from Phoenicia, round the coast to Macedonia, it is predominant (); at a maximum of  (Ialysus), it is in Macedonia , but seldom exceeds  elsewhere, the earliest Lydian of the th century being , and the general average of coins .
In Spain it was  to  in different series (), and it is a question whether the Massiliote drachmae of - are not Phoenician rather than Phocaic. In Italy this mina became naturalized, and formed the "Italic mina" of Hero, Priscian, &c.; also its double, the mina of  unciae or ,, =  shekels of ; the average of  weights gives  (=.), and it was divided both into  drachmae, and also in the Italic mode of  unciae and  scripulae ().
