
And suddenly remembering his intention he grew dizzy and felt so faint that he leaned against the fence to save himself from falling.
I know; I'm not jelouss, but you and Martha have this thing between you that goes so far back I get dizzy thinking about it.
The roadside drop offs became more and more precipitous, opening on breath-stopping views of chasms so deep they made him dizzy just to look down to the bot­tom.
Do not carry on if you are still feeling dizzy after a few minutes, or if you have a further dizzy spell.
Indeed, any novice who simply wants to learn to downhill ski can get dizzy listening to the pro and con arguments of each technique.
In this way, it is not uncommon to feel slightly dizzy or lightheaded, either before your heart begins to pound or after.
The reduced cardiac function can make physical activity challenging, cause dizzy spells (especially when someone stands up for too long) and lead to falls and other injuries.
Not expecting the dizzy spell, she staggered against the car, cringing away from Czerno as he snatched her arms and dragged her to the house.
Alcohol acts as a depressant on the nervous system, and using it gives a person the slightly fuzzy, dizzy feeling that most people refer to as a buzz.
Because the summer heat in Texas can be extreme, guests should stay hydrated and cool as much as possible and avoid riding the roller coasters if they feel dizzy, weak, or otherwise ill.
Individuals who appear to be weak, easily tired, often out of breath, and who may feel faint or dizzy on movement may be severely anemic.
And if you feel you are going dizzy with all the acronyms and markup language, Teresa Martin has a valuable piece of advice.
For example, some seniors may find it difficult to bend over to tie their shoes due to medications which may make them feel dizzy, or the actual act of tying shoes is more complicated because of arthritis.
If you rapidly move a row back and forth repeatedly, the chuzzles in that row will start to get dizzy.
Horror struck the group when Tom, attempting to peer out over a ledge to see how far they'd climbed, became dizzy, slipped and tumbled over the edge to his death on the rocks far below.
Otitis-Inflammation of the ear, which may be marked by pain, fever, abnormalities of hearing, hearing loss, noise in the ears, and dizzy spells.
The water must be close to body temperature; if it is too cold or too warm, the child may feel dizzy or nauseated.
An image may be accompanied by a feeling in the pit of your stomach, a dizzy sensation or another feeling that sets it apart from your imagination.
Fad diets that are very low in calories may make you feel tired, dizzy, and irritable-especially if you're not getting enough protein and carbohydrates.
Now you've found lots of ideas for wording your invitations; in fact, you've found so many that you are dizzy from reading through them.
In episode two, Mike Borassi was removed from the game due to dizzy spells brought on by high blood pressure.
She lived to a great age, and would gladly have lived longer, in any of the afflictions that time brings on, to continue her mere money-worth to her "Dizzy."
His feet would tangle in the wind and his chubby cheeks would be in a constant smile, while I would get ridiculously dizzy.
