
Giovanni, dating from , is famous for its rich inlaid marbles, its Brussels tapestries, its roof painted by Matteo Preti (-), the picture by Michael Angelo da Caravaggio of the beheading of John the Baptist, numerous memorials of the knights and other relics.
Agostino (-) contains a famous series of seventeen frescoes by Benozzo Gozzoli, with scenes from the life of St Augustine (-).
My dear, do I have the honor of finally meeting the famous psychic tipster or were you but the helper of the young mother who died so suddenly in that delightful New Hampshire town?
There is a museum of natural history; the collection is reminiscent of the famous naturalist Gilbert White, of Selborne in this vicinity.
The most famous remains of the ancient city are the temples, the most important of which form a row along the low cliffs at the south end of the city.
Paul began the famous Villa Borghese; enlarged the Quirinal and Vatican; completed the nave, facade and portico of St Peter's; erected the Borghese Chapel in Sta Maria Maggiore; and restored the aqueduct of Augustus and Trajan ("Acqua Paolina").
To the north-east of Marienbad lies the small watering-place of KOnigswart; near it is a castle belonging since  to the princes of Metternich, which contains an interesting museum, created by the famous Austrian statesman in the first part of the th century.
He hid himself in the Dominican convent at Leipzig in fear of popular violence, and died there on the th of July , just as Luther was beginning his famous disputation with Eck.
What was particularly remarkable was that many of the entries were written by the most famous people of the age.
In the time of Caesar the Arverni were a powerful confederation, the Arvernian Vercingetorix being the most famous of the Gallic chieftains who fought against the Romans.
The visit to Vienna took place on the th to the nd of September, and that to Berlin on the nd to the th of September , the Italian monarch being accorded in both capitals a most cordial reception, although the contemporaneous publication of La Marmoras famous pamphlet, More Light on /fe Events of i, prevented intercourse between the Italian ministers and Bismarck from being entirely confidential.
Creuzer's first and most famous work was his Symbolik and Mythologie der alten V dlker, besonders der Griechen (-), in which he maintained that the mythology of Homer and Hesiod came from an Eastern source through the Pelasgians, and was the remains of the symbolism of an ancient revelation.
St Michael's, the parish church, has a striking Perpendicular tower, an arch of carved oak dividing its nave and chancel, a magnificent rood-loft, and a th-century monument doubtfully described as the tomb of Bracton, the famous lawyer, whose birthplace, according to local tradition, was Bratton Court in the vicinity.
Molsheim was known in the th century as Molleshem, and formerly was the seat of a famous Jesuit college, which in  was removed to Strassburg and united with the university of that city.
She spent the summer at the chateau with a brilliant company; in the autumn she journeyed to Italy accompanied by Schlegel and Sismondi, and there gathered the materials of her most famous work, Corinne.
The mountains both in Victoria and New South Wales were snow-capped, and glaciers flowed down their flanks and laid down Carboniferous glacial deposits, which are still preserved in basins that flank the mountain ranges, such as the famous conglomerates of Bacchus Marsh, Heathcote and the Loddon valley in Victoria, and cf Branxton and other localities in New South Wales.
These amulets recognized the Messianic claims of Sabbatai Sebi, and a famous rabbinic contemporary of Eybeschiitz, Jacob Emden, boldly accused him of heresy.
While still an undergraduate he formed a league with John Herschel and Charles Babbage, to conduct the famous struggle of "d-ism versus dot-age," which ended in the introduction into Cambridge of the continental notation in the infinitesimal calculus to the exclusion of the fluxional notation of Sir Isaac Newton.
A permanent memorial of it remains in the famous Order of the Golden Fleece, which was instituted by the duke at Bruges in  on the occasion of his marriage with Isabel of Portugal, a descendant of John of Gaunt, and was so named from the English wool, the raw material used in the Flemish looms, for which Bruges was the chief mart.
The famous defence of Haarlem, lasting through the winter of  to July , cost the besiegers , lives, and gave of the insurgent provinces time to breathe.
This famous compact was the work of John of Nassau, at that time governor of Gelderland, and did not at first commend itself to his brother.
In  he went to Kiel, becoming Privatdozent, and there he began the studies in Maxwell's electro-magnetic theory which a few years later resulted in the discoveries that rendered his name famous.
In  he produced a free version (Klagbrief der armen Diirftigen in England) of the famous Supplycacyon of the Beggers, written abroad ( ?) by Simon Fish.
There is considerable reason to think, however, that the more frequent ports of call in the Straits of Malacca were situated in Sumatra, rather than on the shores of the Malay Peninsula, and two famous medieval travellers, Marco Polo and Ibn Batuta, both called and wintered at the former, and make scant mention of the latter.
The horses of Vermont have been famous in the development of American racing stocks; the Morgan stock is best known, and other famous Vermont strains are Messenger and Black Hawk.
Crater lakes are Telaga (lake) Budas, in the crater of the volcano of the same name in the south-east, and Telaga Warna, on the slopes of the Gede, famous for its beautiful tinting.
At Belcoo, near Enniskillen, there is a famous well called Daragh Phadric, held in repute by the peasantry for its cure of paralytic and other diseases; and  m.
Its importance is vouched for by the many remains of antiquity which it possesses, of which the most famous is the triumphal arch erected in honour of Trajan by the senate and people of Rome in A.D.
Her brother, the actor Nicolas Desmares (c. -), began as a member of a subsidized company at Copenhagen, but by her influence he came to Paris and was received in  sans debut - the first time such an honour had been accorded - at the Comedie Frangaise, where he became famous for peasant parts.
She bore him, besides his two sons Stephen and Bela, seven daughters, of whom St Margaret was the most famous.
The lines include the Chatham, the Royal Marine, the Brompton, the Hut, St Mary's and naval barracks; the garrison hospital, Melville hospital for sailors and marines, the arsenal, gymnasium, various military schools, convict prison, and finally the extensive dockyard system for which the town is famous.
Justina was an Arian, and the imperial court at Milan pitted itself against the Catholics, under the famous Ambrose, bishop of that city.
Elba was famous for its mines in early times, and the smelting furnaces gave it its Greek name of A' OaNia ("soot island").
The ancient town is chiefly celebrated for the famous Iguvine (less correctly Eugubine) Tables, which were discovered there in , bought by the municipality in , and are still preserved in the town hall.
Other cities where the ceramic industries keep their ground are Pesaro, Gubbio, Faenza (whose name long ago became the distinctive term for the finer kind of potters work in France, falence), Savona and Albissola, Turin, Mondovi, Cuneo, Castellamonte, Milan, Brescia, Sassuolo, Imola, Rimini, Perugia, Castelli, &c. In all these the older styles, by which these places became famous in the IthIth centuries, have been revived.
In  he received a more decided check, when Sicily rose against him in the famous rebellion of the Vespers.
This ratification of the oligarchical principle, together with the establishment in  of the Council of Ten, completed that famous constitution which endured till the extinction of the republic in .
Quarrelling with the Venetians In , he combined the forces of all Europe by the league of Cambray against them; and, when he had succeeded in his first purpose of humbling them even to the dust, he turned round in , uttered his famous resolve to expel the barbarians from Italy, and pitted the Spaniards against the French.
Vincenzo Gioberti published in  his famous treatise Del primato morale e civile degli Italiani, a work, which, in striking contrast to the prevailing pessimism of the day, extolled the past greatness and achievements of the Italian people and their present virtues.
Many condemnations followed, and hundreds of politicals were immured in hideous dungeons, a state of things which provoked Gladstones famous letters to Lord Aberdeen, in which Bourbon rule was branded for all time as the negation of God erected into a system of government.
This proposal broke on the refusal of the peror Francis Joseph to cede Austrian territory except as the lIt of a struggle; and Napoleon, won over by Biswarck at famous interview at Biarritz, once more took.up the ides of Prusso-Italian offensive and defensive alliance.
He is best known for his famous supplements to Quintus Curtius and Livy, containing the missing books written by himself.
At the famous conference, which lasted from Monday the th to Tuesday the rd of June, the hostile barons were present in large numbers; on the other hand John, who rode over each day from Windsor, was only attended by a few followers.
For instance, the provisions in Magna Carta concerning the freedom of the church find no place in the Articles, while a comparison between the two documents suggests that in other ways also influences favourable to the church and the clergy were at work while the famous charter was being framed.
Famous for his speeches at the Jacobin club, he was elected a member of the municipality of Paris, then of the Legislative Assembly, and later of the National Convention.
The most famous of the relics preserved in the cathedral is the "Holy Coat of Trier," believed by the devout to be the seamless robe of the Saviour, and said to have been discovered and presented to the city by the empress Helena.
With it are connected a school of engineering, a school of arts and industries and the famous library (about , printed volumes and  MSS.) formerly belonging to the city.
Near the tolbooth stands the market cross, a stone column with a unicorn on the top supporting the burgh arms. At the west end of High Street is a statue of David Macbeth Moir ("Delta," -), Musselburgh's most famous son.
The first, a religious romance of remarkable interest, may owe its preservation to the charm of its style, the others to the accident that they were attributed by mistake to a famous apostle.
The most famous of these was Buddhaghosa, from Behar in North India, who studied at the Minster in the th century A.D., and wrote there all his well-known works.
The remaining  victims, who had escaped the bullets of the siege and survived the butchery of the river bank, were massacred afterwards and cast down the famous well of Cawnpore, which is now marked by a memorial and surrounded by gardens.
To no town has the memory of one famous son brought wider notoriety than that which the memory of William Shakespeare has brought to Stratford; yet this notoriety sprang into strong growth only towards the end of the th century.
Still more famous was Albert, count of Mansfeld (-), an intimate friend of Luther and one of the earliest and staunchest supporters of the Reformation.
From Sidon, and later from its more famous rival Tyre, the merchant adventurers of Phoenicia explored and colonized the coasts of the Mediterranean and fared forth into the ocean beyond.
The conqueror also intended to open up trade by sea between Europe and India, and the narrative of his general Nearchus records this famous voyage of discovery, the detailed accounts of the chief pilot Onesicritus being lost.
The city's park system includes the Western Promenade, on Bramhall Hill; the Eastern Promenade, on Munjoy Hill; Fort Allen Park, at the south extremity of the latter promenade; Fort Sumner, another small park farther west, on the same hill; Lincoln Park, containing  acres of beautiful grounds near the centre of the city; Deering's Oaks (made famous by Longfellow), the principal park ( acres) on the peninsula, with many fine old trees, pleasant drives, and an artificial pond used for boating; and Monument Square and Boothby Square.
The buildings lie close to the Thames, and the school is famous for rowing, sending an eight to the regatta at Henley each year.
Abingdon (Abbedun, Abendun) was famous for its abbey, which was of great wealth and importance, and is believed to have been founded in A.D.
In the th and th centuries Abingdon was a flourishing agricultural centre with an extensive trade in wool, and a famous weaving and clothing manufacture.
All these writers, however, are entirely eclipsed by the commanding personality of the most famous of the Geonim, Seadiah ben Joseph (q.v.) of Sura, often called al-Fayyumi (of the Fayum in Egypt), one of the greatest representatives of Jewish learning of all times, who died in .
Of the many pretenders to this dignity known in all periods of Moslem history the most famous was the first caliph of the Fatimite dynasty in North Africa, `Obaidallah al-Mandi, who reigned -.
Below the bifurcation the river of Babylon was again divided into several streams, and indeed the most famous of all the ancient canals was the Arakhat (Archous of the Greeks and Serrat and Nil of the Arabs), which left that river just above Babylon and ran due east to the Tigris, irrigating all the central part of the Jezireh, and sending down a branch through Nippur and Erech to rejoin the Euphrates a little above the modern Nasrieh.
It is built among picturesque hills on both sides of the river, and is in the midst of the famous Kentucky "blue grass region" and of a rich lumber-producing region.
Arrah is famous for an incident in the Mutiny, when a dozen Englishmen, with  Sikhs, defended an ordinary house against  Sepoys and a multitude of armed insurgents, perhaps four times that number.
We may now compare the history of nobility at Rome with its history in some other of the most famous city-commonwealths.
The weaving of cotton, for which the place was at one time so famous that its name became identified with its calico, is no longer of any importance.
From this time, probably, East Anglia was governed by English earls, the most famous of whom were zEthelstan, surnamed Half - King (-) and his sons, lEthelwold (-), and tEthelwine, surnamed Dei amicus (-).
A Runic sculptured stone, believed to be of the th century, and the old town cross stand in High Street, but the great cattle fair, for which Crieff was once famous, was removed to Falkirk in .
Four years afterwards he made his first appearance as an author with an elegy called Fame's Memorial, or the Earl of Devonshire deceased, and dedicated to the widow of the earl (Charles Blount, Lord Mountjoy, "coronized," to use Ford's expression, by King James in  for his services in Ireland) - a lady who would have been no unfitting heroine for one of his own tragedies of lawless passion, the famous Penelope, formerly Lady Rich.
Lake Ilmen and the river Volkhov, on which stands Novgorod, Rurik's capital, formed part of the great waterway from the Baltic to the Black Sea, and we know that by this route travelled from Scandinavia to Constantinople the tall fair-haired Northmen who composed the famous Varangian bodyguard of the Byzantine emperors.
For this purpose Dimitri Donskoi formed in  a coalition of Russian princes, and gained a great victory over Khan Mamai of the Golden Horde on the famous battlefield of Kulikovo, the memory of which still lives in the popular legends.
Within a few months of her accession, having heard that the publication of the famous French Encyclopedie was in danger of being stopped by the French government on account of its irreligious spirit, she proposed to Diderot that he should complete his great work in Russia under her protection.
By the peace of Jassy, signed in January , she retained Ochakov and the coast between the Bug and the Dniester, and she secured certain privileges for the Danubian principalities, but the Turks remained in Constantinople, and the realization of the famous Greek project, as it was termed, had to be indefinitely postponed.
It is famous for its fine metopes now in the museum at Palermo, belonging to the beginning of the th century B.C.
Baldwin, the founder of the famous Baldwin Locomotive Works in Philadelphia, built his first engine, Old Ironsides, for the Philadelphia, Germantown & Morristown railroad; first tried in November , it was modelled on Stephenson's Planet, and had a single pair of driving wheels at the firebox end and a pair of carrying wheels under the smoke-box.
A famous type of compound locomotive developed on the continent of Europe is the four-cylinder De Glehn, some of which have been tried on the Great Western railway.
The most famous Arsaces was the chief of the Parni, one of the nomadic Scythian or Dahan tribes in the desert east of the Caspian Sea.
The industries of the town include cotton spinning and weaving, silk spinning, the manufacture of tobacco, ropes, metal-ware, furniture, &c. The market gardens of the neighbourhood are famous, and there is a considerable shipping trade by the river and the Ludwigskanal.
Mdlle Curchod soon afterwards became the wife of Necker, the famous financier; and Gibbon and the Neckers frequently afterwards met on terms of mutual friendship and esteem.
The author might almost have said, as Lord Byron after the publication of Childe Harold, that " he awoke one morning and found himself famous."
The latter, however, with his usual sagacity, anticipated the objections which he saw could be urged against the famous fifteenth and sixteenth chapters.
Gibbon's verdict on the history of the middle ages is contained in the famous sentence, " I have described the triumph of barbarism and religion."
In  the discovery of the famous Comstock Lode in Western Nevada led to the building of Virginia City, a prosperous community on the side of a mountain where human beings under ordinary conditions would not have lived, and eventually brought a new state into existence.
Below Bristol the valley becomes the Clifton Gorge, famous for its wooded cliffs and for the Clifton suspension bridge which bestrides it.
The famous pineto or pinewood of Ravenna, which already existed in Odoacer's time, and has been sung by poets since Dante, lies some  m.
Graduating at the university of North Carolina in , he studied law in the famous Litchfield (Connecticut) law school, and in  was admitted to practice in Southampton county, Virginia.
The most famous of the temples of Paestum, the so-called temple of Neptune, comes next in point of date (about  B.C.).
Hungary is the only country in Europe where the opal is found, namely at the famous mines of Vorosvagas in the county of Sáros, and at NagyMihaly in that of Zemplin.
The constitution of Hungary is in many respects strikingly analogous to that of Great Britain, more especially in the fact that it is based on no written document but on immemorial prescription, confirmed or modified by a series of enactments, of which the earliest and most famous was the Golden Bull of Andrew III.
Of the institutions thus borrowed and adapted the most notable was the famous county system which still plays so conspicuous a part in Hungarian national life.
The king, who had just returned from the famous " long campaign " of , willingly accepted the leadership of the Christian League.
The cavalry consisted of the famous Hussars, or light horse, of which he may be said to have been the creator, and the heavily armed mounted musketeers on the Czech-German model.
But, in , the third of the famous Kuprilis, Mustafa, brother of Fazil Ahmed, became grand vizier, and the Turk, still further encouraged by the death of Innocent XI., rallied once more.
The most valuable of his productions is his collection of " Hungarian Proverbs and Famous Sayings," which appeared in  at Szeged, under the title of Magyar peldabeszedek es jeles monddsok.
To these we may add the gifted but unfortunate Sigismund Czak, Lewis Dobsa, Joseph Szigeti, Ignatius Nagy, Joseph Szenvey (a translator from Schiller), Joseph Gaal, Charles Hugo, Lawrence Toth (the Magyarizer of the School for Scandal), Emeric Vahot, Alois Degre (equally famous as a novelist), Stephen Toldy and Lewis Doczi, author of the popular prize drama Csok (The Kiss).
The philosophical labours of the already mentioned John Erdelyi and of Augustus Greguss won for them well-deserved recognition, the latter especially being famous for his aesthetical productions, in which he appears to follow out the principles of Vischer.
The "Day of Dupes," as this famous day was called, was the only time that Louis took so much as a step toward the dismissal of a minister who was personally distasteful to him but who was indispensable.
The th century is a famous epoch in the progress of science, and the mathematics in no way lagged behind.
A little while later Rohan came to negotiate the purchase of the famous necklace for the ,, livres, payable in instalments.
The famous charlatan Cagliostro was also arrested, but it was recognized that he had taken no part in the affair.
The more important wild animals are a large wild sheep (Ovis poli), foxes, wolves, jackals, bears, boars, deer and leopards; amongst birds, there are partridges, pheasants, ravens, jays, sparrows, larks, a famous breed of hawks, &c.
The ancient city walls have been almost entirely destroyed in recent times to provide building material,' and the place is famous for the discoveries made in its tombs.
Cecilia, whose musical fame rests on a passing notice in her legend that she praised God by instrumental as well as vocal music, has inspired many a masterpiece in art, including the Raphael at Bologna, the Rubens in Berlin, the Domenichino in Paris, and in literature, where she is commemorated especially by Chaucer's "Seconde Nonnes Tale," and by Dryden's famous ode, set to music by Handel in , and later by Sir Hubert Parry ().
Others occur in the flat northern half of the Crimea, and even close to Kerch, where the famous Kul Oba seems to have held a Scythic chieftain who had adopted a veneer of Greek tastes, but remained a barbarian at heart.
Six of his most famous sermons were edited, with a biographical sketch of their author, by the Oratorian Borde in .
Though now remembered chiefly for invaluable contributions to the theory of music, it is evident that he must have been famous both as a practical musician and as a composer; for, notwithstanding the limited number of his printed works, consisting of a volume entitled Modulationes Sex Vocum (Venice, ), and a few motets and madrigals scattered through the collections of Scotto and other contemporary publishers, he both produced and superintended the public performance of some important pieces in the service of the republic. First among these was the music written to celebrate the battle of Lepanto (on the th of October ).
Wellhausen made his name famous by his critical investigations into Old Testament history and the composition of the Hexateuch, the uncompromising scientific attitude he adopted in testing its problems bringing him into antagonism with the older school of biblical interpreters.
The Hexaplar text of the LXX., as reduced by Origen into greater conformity with the Hebrew by the aid of subsequent Greek versions, was further the mother (d) of the Psalterium gallicanum - that is, of Jerome's second revision of the Psalter () by the aid of the Hexaplar text; this edition became current in Gaul and ultimately was taken into the Vulgate; (e) of the SyroHexaplar version (published by Bugati, , and in facsimile from the famous Ambrosian MS. by Ceriani, Milan, ).
The cathedral of Curtea de Argesh, by far the most famous building in Rumania, stands in the grounds of a monastery,  m.
It is well known that if energy disappears in one form it reappears in another, and this principle applied to the sun will explain the famous difficulty.
In Herat, where he spent the greater part of his life, he gained the favour of that famous patron of letters, Mir `Alishir (-), who served his old schoolfellow, the reigning sultan Husain (who as the last of the Timurides in Persia ascended the throne of Herat in ), first as keeper of the seal, afterwards as governor of Jurjan.
Henry Cavendish, from which it appeared that Cavendish, already famous by many other researches (such as the mean density of the earth, the composition of water, &c.), must be looked on as, in his day, a man of Maxwell's own stamp as a theorist and an experimenter of the very first rank.
This temple was cared for, and the cult attended, by women only, and the same was the case at a second celebration at the beginning of December in the house of a magistrate with imperium, which became famous owing to the profanation of these mysteries by P. Clodius in  B.C., and the political consequences of his act.
Lord Auckland resolved to enter upon a war, and on the st of October  published at Simla his famous.
This increased his anxiety to temporize, which he did with signal success for more than two years, making ' The grave doubt as to the paternity of Matthew involved a doubt whether the great earl of Tyrone and his equally famous nephew Owen Roe had in fact any O'Neill blood in their veins.
Panin was the inventor of the famous "Northern Accord," which aimed at opposing a combination of Russia, Prussia, Poland, Sweden, and perhaps Great Britain, against the Bourbon-Habsburg League.
Thrice Joash smote the Syrians - in accordance with the last words of the dying prophet - and Aphek in the Sharon plain, famous in history for Israel's disasters, now witnessed three victories.
Worship is simpler at the smaller shrines than at the more famous temples; and, as the rulers are the patrons of the religion and are brought into contact with the religious personnel, the character of the social organization leaves its mark upon those who hold religious and judicial functions alike.
Many Copenhagen Jews achieved distinction as manufacturers, merchants and bankers, and among famous Jewish men of letters may be specially named Georg Brandes.
Numerous large caves exist in the mountains; among the most remarkable are the famous Idaean cave in Psiloriti, the caves of Melidoni, in Mylopotamo, and Sarchu, in llalevisi, which sheltered hundreds of refugees after the insurrection of , and the Dictaean cave in Lassithi, the birth-place of Zeus.
In July of the same year he proceeded to the north to debate on the " Covenant " with the famous Aberdeen doctors; but he was not well received by them.
Henderson is one of the greatest men in the history of Scotland and, next to Knox, is certainly the most famous of Scottish ecclesiastics.
Baena is picturesquely situated near the river Marbella, on the slope of a hill crowned with a castle, which formerly belonged to the famous captain Gonzalo de Cordova.
The estate is famous for its plantations and Dutch gardens, the pinetum containing the most representative collection of araucarias, deodars and other conifers in Europe.
To this end John Locke drafted for them in  the famous Fundamental Constitutions providing for the division of the province into eight counties and each county into seigniories, baronies, precincts and colonies, and the division of the land among hereditary nobles who were to grant three-fifths of it to their freemen and govern through an elaborate system of feudal courts.
In the middle of the th century the famous Goslar statutes, a code of laws, which was adopted by many other towns, was published.
He went through the wars of  and  as a spectator with the German armies, and in  he started upon a famous journey through Khorassan.
It was doubtless one of the Friends who sent forth anonymously from the house of the Teutonic Order in Frankfort the famous handbook of mystical devotion called Eine deutsche Theologie, first published in  by Luther.
It is the object of an ancient and famous pilgrimage due to the tradition that Mary, sister of the Virgin, and Mary, mother of James and John, together with their black servant Sara, Lazarus, Martha, Mary Magdalen and St Maximin fled thither to escape persecution in Judaea.
The famous Blue Grotto, the most celebrated of the many caves in the rocky shores of the island, was known in Roman times, but lost until , when it was rediscovered.
In  he was the deputy chosen by the states of Holland to accompany Admiral de Ruyter in his famous expedition to Chatham.
It may be noted that the more famous of the persons alleged by partisans of subsequent pretenders to have been hustled out of the world for their connexion with the secret are the empress Josephine, the duc d'Enghien and the duc de Berri.
Near the "Elephant and Castle" is the Metropolitan Tabernacle, the original building of which, burnt down in , became famous under the Baptist preacher, Charles Spurgeon.
Among his Cornish Ballads () the most famous is on "Trelawny," the refrain of which, "And shall Trelawny die," &c., he declared to be an old Cornish saying.
There are also a theatre, in which, besides the famous Venus of Arles, discovered in , many other remains have been found; an ancient obelisk of a single block,  ft.
It was not until  that the kings of Aragon were able to conquer the district of Arborea, which, under the celebrated Eleonora (whose code of laws - the so-called Carta de Logu- was famous), offered a heroic resistance.
It grows in marshy places; and is cultivated in China, the fruit having a supposed value as a diuretic and anti-phthisic. It was cultivated by John Gerard, author of the famous Herball, at the end of the th century as a tender annual.
The famous story of Herodotus, that the conqueror condemned Croesus to the stake, from which he was saved by the intervention of the gods, is quite inconsistent with the Persian religion.
Above the village are the ruins of the castle of Rheingrafenstein (th century), formerly a seat of the count palatine of the Rhine, which was destroyed by the French in , and those of the castle of Ebernburg, the ancestral seat of the lords of Sickingen, and the birthplace of Franz von Sickingen, the famous landsknecht captain and protector of Ulrich von Hutten, to whom a monument was erected on the slope near the ruins in .
Dumont was a Genevese exile, and an old friend of Romilly's, who willingly prepared for him those famous addresses which Mirabeau used to make the Assembly pass by sudden bursts'of eloquent declamation; Claviere helped him in finance, and not only worked out his figures, but even wrote his financial discourses; Lamourette wrote the speeches on the civil constitution of the clergy; Reybaz not only wrote for him his famous speeches on the assignats, the organization of the national guard, and others, which Mirabeau read word for word at the tribune, but even the posthumous speech on succession to the estates of intestates, which Talleyrand read in the Assembly as the last work of his dead friend.
He was chosen Fourth of July orator in Hanover, the college town, in , and in his speech appears the substance of the political principles for the develop - ment of which he is chiefly famous.
Apart from these missions, his activities were devoted to the composition of history, a pursuit for which the monks of St Albans had long been famous.
In the th century the district suffered frequently from the ravages of the Danes, who in  wintered at Repton and destroyed its famous monastery, the burial-place of the kings of Mercia.
This famous building, one of the largest, and in the interior one of the most sumptuous, of the royal residences of France, lies immediately to the south-east of the town.
Attica was famous for its olives and figs, but general agriculture excelled in Peloponnesus, where, by means of irrigation and drainage, all the available land was utilized.
More famous than either are the Georgics of Virgil, published about  B.C., and treating of tillage, horticulture, cattle-breeding and bee-keeping.
The famous meadows near Salisbury are mentioned, where, when cattle have fed their fill, hogs, it is said, " are made fat with the remnant - namely, with the knots and sappe of the grasse."
Gradually also he had the satisfaction of seeing the debates in the Speculative Society becoming famous enough to attract men with whom it was profitable for him to interchange opinions, among others Maurice and John Sterling..
In  he settled down at Deventer in Holland, where he either founded or succeeded to the headship of a school, which' became famous for the number of its distinguished alumni.
After sustaining a famous siege in his capital Bactra (Balkh), Euthydemus obtained an honourable peace by which the hand of one of Antiochus's daughters was promised to his son Demetrius.
Long before his death, Bright's references in public speeches to the achievements of the Anti-Corn Law League were received with respectful impatience, and Peel's famous speech on the repeal of the corn laws would not convince the German Reichstag or a modern House of Commons.
The second earl's daughter Anne (-), who succeeded him as a countess in her own right, married in  the famous duke of Monmouth, who was then created st duke of Buccleuch; and her grandson Francis became nd duke.
The latter's son Henry (-) became rd duke, and in  succeeded also, on the death of William Douglas, th duke of Queensberry, to that dukedom as well as its estates and other honours, according to the entail executed by his own great-grandfather, the nd duke of Queensberry, in ; he married the duke of Montagu's daughter, and was famous for his generosity and benefactions.
But what more than any other point of strategy made the fight famous was that the Scots fought on foot in battalions with their spears outwards, in a circular formation serving the same purpose as the modern square.
Several children not born in wedlock have been traced in the records, but none of them became in any way famous.
This work is invaluable as a source for the history and situation of the church in the nd century; for it contains nearly the whole of the famous work of Celsus (Abyos angs) against Christianity.
The vigour and tactical skill of Bonaparte contributed very largely to the success of the troops of the Convention over the Parisian malcontents on the famous day of   Vendemiaire (October th, ), when the defenders of the Convention, sweeping the quays and streets near the Tuilleries by artillery and musketry, soon paralysed the movement at its headquarters, the church of St Roch.
The reader is referred to the article France (Law and Institutions) for the information respecting the various codes dating from this period, and to the article Concordat for the famous measure whereby Napoleon re-established official relations between the state and the church in France.
After occupying the Prussian capital he launched against England the famous Berlin Decree (st of November ), declaring her coasts to be in a state of blockade, and prohibiting all commerce with them.
It ceased to appear at the end of July . Success attended the Revolutions from its first to its last number, Camille was everywhere famous, and his poverty was relieved.
Terry, against Fort Fisher, in ; within sight of its parapets was fought the famous duel between the "Monitor" and the "Merrimac" (March , ).
His next and most important publication was his famous paper "On the Equilibrium of Heterogeneous Substances" (in two parts,  and ), which, it has been said, founded a new department of chemical science that is becoming comparable in importance to that created by Lavoisier.
The island first attracted the notice of archaeologists by the remarkable archaic Greek bronzes found in a cave on Mount Ida in , as well as by epigraphic monuments such as the famous law of Gortyna; but the first undoubted Aegean remains reported from it were a few objects extracted from Cnossus by Minos Kalokhairinos of Candia in .
The greatest of all the hero's achievements was the defence of the frontier of Ulster against the forces of Medb, queen of Connaught, who had come to carry off the famous Brown Bull of Cualnge (Cooley).
On the th of June  he seconded the famous resolution introduced by Richard Henry Lee that " these colonies are, and of a right ought to be, free and independent states," and no man championed these resolutions (adopted on the nd of July) so eloquently and effectively before the congress.
On the opposite hill on the other side of this road is the famous position of Dargai (see Tirah Campaign).
The fortunes of Agamemnon have formed the subject of numerous tragedies, ancient and modern, the most famous being the Oresteia of Aeschylus.
He now meditated a further enterprise against Geneva; but his attempt to capture the city by treachery and with the help of Spain (the famous escalade) in  failed completely.
In  Fernald's Island was purchased by the Federal government for a navy yard; it was the scene of considerable activity during the War of , but was of much greater importance during the Civil War, when the famous " Kearsarge " and several other war vessels were built here.'
The most striking of these modern buildings are the new wing of the Hotel d'Italie, San Moise, and the very successful fish market at Rialto, designed by Laurenti and carried out by Rupolo, in which a happy return to early Venetian Gothic has been effected in conjunction with a skilful adaptation of one of the most famous of the old houses of Venice, the Stalon, or palace of the Quirini family.
Perhaps the most famous institution of Venice is the arsenal, whose history and activity has continued unbroken from the earliest days of the republic down to the present time.
The arsenal, which was famous in Dante's day, received its first enlargement in , when, on the design of Andrea Pisano, new building sheds and the rope walk or Tana were erected.
The famous Venetian pozzi, or wells for storing rain-water from the roofs and streets, consisted of a closed basin with a water-tight stratum of clay at the bottom, upon which a slab of stone was laid; a brick shaft of radiating bricks laid in a permeable jointing material of clay and sand was then built.
Altogether the gallery contains twenty rooms, one being assigned to the complete cycle of the "History of Saint Ursula," by Carpaccio; another to Giambellino and to the Celliniani; and a whole wall of a third being occupied by the famous Veronese, " Convito in casa di Levi."
The swift Liburnian vessels began to raid the Lido, compelling the Venetians to arm their own vessels and thus to form the nucleus of their famous fleet, the importance of which was recognized by the Golden Bull of the emperor Basil, which conferred on Venetian merchants privileges far more extensive than any they had hitherto enjoyed, on condition that the Venetian fleet was to be at the disposition of the emperor.
The Heralds' College, the avvogadori di comun, in order to ensure purity of blood, were ordered to open a register of all marriages and births among members of the newly created caste, and these registers formed the basis of the famous Libro d'oro.
South of Hermagor, the principal place of the Gail valley, is the chain of mountains which is famous as being the only place where the beautiful Wulfenia Carintlziaca is found.
At the Charlestown navy-yard () there are docks, manufactories, foundries, machine-shops, ordnance stores, rope-walks, furnaces, castingpits, timber sheds, ordnance-parks, ship-houses, &c. The famous frigate " Independence " was launched here in , the more famous " Constitution " having been launched while the yard was still private in .
Montgomery Field, until in  the famous Boston Museum was swept away, as other interesting old places of entertainment (the old Federal Street theatre, the Tremont theatre, &c.) had been, in the course of further building changes.
New Paphos became the administrative capital of the whole island in Ptolemaic and Roman days, as well as the head of one of the four Roman districts; it was also a flourishing commercial city in the time of Strabo, and famous for its oil, and for "diamonds" of medicinal power.
The famous manufacture of fine muslins is almost extinct, but the carving of shells, carried on from ancient times, is an important industry in the city.
Its cheese (caseus cebanus) was famous in Roman times, but it does not seem ever to have been a Roman town.
A more elaborate method of selection is practised by some of the Sea Island cotton planters in the Sea Islands, famous for the quality of their cotton.
Ship Canal, has drawn back into Manchester a part of the cotton market which was attracted from Manchester into Liverpool by the famous improvement in transport opened to the public three-quarters of a century ago.
The Druids are represented as being able to foretell the future and to perform magic. Before setting out on the great expedition against Ulster, Medb, queen of Connaught, goes to consult her Druid, and just before the famous heroine Derdriu (Deirdre) is born, Cathbu prophesies what sort of a woman she will be.
The counts of Dreux, for two centuries and a half (-), and the counts of Evreux, from  to , also belonged to the family of the Capets, - other members of which worthy of mention are the Dunois and the Longuevilles, illegitimate branches of the house of Valois, which produced many famous warriors and courtiers.
Leopold received his education first at Donndorf, a school established in an old monastery near his home, and then at the famous school of Schulpforta, whence he passed to the university of Halle and later to that of Berlin.
A famous fountain in the Groznyi oil field in the northern Caucasus, which began to flow in August , was estimated to have thrown up during the first three days ,, poods (over ,, gallons, or about , tons) of oil a day.
These instincts and impulses would be at work already among the soldiers during the Crusade, producing a saga all the more readily, as there were poets in the camp; for we know that a certain Richard, who joined the First Crusade, sang its exploits in verse, while still more famous is the princely troubadour, William of Aquitaine, who joined the Crusade of Iloo.
Henceforth Rodrigo Diaz began to live that life of a soldier of fortune which has made him famous, sometimes fighting under the Christian banner, sometimes under Moorish, but always for his own hand.
Among the enterprises of the Cid the most famous was that against Valencia, then the richest and most flourishing city of the peninsula, and an object of cupidity to both Christian and Moslem.
It is important to notice that Archytas must have been famous as a philosopher, inasmuch as Aristotle wrote a special treatise (not extant) On the Philosophy of Archytas.
At the council of Tours () he found a protector in the papal legate, the famous Hildebrand, who, satisfied himself with the fact that Berengar did not deny the real presence of Christ in the sacramental elements, succeeded in persuading the assembly to be content with a general confession from him that the bread and wine, after consecration, were the body and blood of the Lord, without requiring him to define how.
From Macclesfield a descent was made on Manchester; from Oakengates in South Shropshire came extensions to Herefordshire, Glamorganshire and Wiltshire, where the famous Brinkworth circuit was established.
The famous Hull circuit long retained a number of powerful branches, a survival of the first period, but by  it had come into line with what was by that time regarded as the normal organization.
In the church of St Kosmas are preserved some of the archaic Doric columns of the famous temple of Aphrodite of Cythera, whose worship had been introduced from Syria, and ultimately spread over Greece.
The Malays of the coast are a maritime people, and were long famous for the daring character of their acts of piracy.
While the Malays were famous almost exclusively for their piratical expeditions they naturally bore an evil reputation among Europeans, but now that we have come into closer Character, contact with them,, and have learned to understand aca them better, the old opinions concerning them have been greatly modified.
As a legislator he spoke seldom, but always with great ability, his most famous speech being that of the th of February  opposing the Mexican War.
Brielle is the birthplace of the famous admiral Martin van Tromp, and also of Admiral van Almonde, a distinguished commander of the early th century.
He commanded at Rochelle during the famous siege, and (if we may believe his brother) the failure of the defence and of the English attack on Rhe was mainly due to the alternate obstinacy of the townsfolk and the English commanders in refusing to listen to Soubise's advice.
Early in  he became a member of the Committee of General Defence, but he did not take part in the work of its more famous successor, the Committee of Public Safety, until the close of the year .
In the museum is a fine collection of works of art by Holbein (who lived in Basel from  to ), while the historical museum (in the old Franciscan church) contains many treasures, and among them the fragments of the famous Dance of Death, wrongly attributed to Holbein.
The conception of man, the microcosm, containing in himself all the parts of the universe or macrocosm, is also Babylonian, as again probably is the famous identification of the metals with the planets.
The Arabic chroniclers record the names of many other writers on alchemy, among the most famous being Rhazes and Avicenna.
Nor can we doubt that it was his influence which shaped the famous ordinance separating the ecclesiastical from the secular courts (c. ).
These disputes involved questions of principle which had long occupied Henry's attention, and Becket's defiant attitude was answered by the famous Constitutions of Clarendon, in which the king defined, professedly according to ancient use and custom, the relations of Church and State.
Other minerals found here are graphite, alum, potter's clay and roofing-slate, and, besides, famous silvermines were worked at Iglau during the middle ages.
Her character, and still more her circumstances, made the pen very unamiably busy with her in her lifetime, the chief of many lampoons being the famous Divorce satirique, variously attributed to Agrippa d'Aubigne, Palma Cayet, and others.
The famous seat of the Platonic philosophy was a gymnasium enlarged as a public park by Cimon; it lay about a mile to the north-west of the Dipylon Gate, with which it was connected by a street bordered with tombs.
It also possesses the famous collection of prehistoric antiquities found by Schliemann at Tiryns and Mycenae, other " Mycenaean " objects discovered at Nauplia and in Attica, as well as the still earlier remains excavated by Tsountas in the Cyclades and by the British School at Phylakopi in Melos; terra-cottas from Tanagra and Asia immense building, however, which was restored in  and the following years, was that constructed in Pentelic marble about A.D.
The rulers fostered agriculture, stimulated commerce and industry (notably the famous Attic ceramics), adorned the city with public works and temples, and rendered it a centre of culture.
In  Themistocles overcame the opposition of Aristides, and passed his famous measure providing for a large increase of the Athenian fleet.
The brilliant summary of the historian Thucydides in the famous Funeral Speech of Pericles (delivered in ), in which the social life, the institutions and the culture of his country are set forth as a model, gives a substantially true picture of Athens in its greatest days.
As soon as Ignatius had regained strength, he started ostensibly to rejoin the duke of Nagera, but in reality to visit the great Benedictine abbey of Montserrato, a famous place of pilgrimage.
Neither does he refer in any way to the famous cave in which, according to the Ignatian myth, the Spiritual Exercises were written.
On the road to Rome a famous vision took place, as to which we have the evidence of Ignatius himself.
It possesses a famous academy of mining and forestry, founded by Maria Theresa in , to which are attached a remarkable collection of minerals, and a chemical laboratory.
In  he was one of the consecrating prelates when Temple became bishop of Exeter, and endeavoured to remove the prejudice against his appointment by showing that Temple was not responsible for the views of other writers in the famous Essays and Reviews ().
The chief manufactures are silk brocades, gold and silver thread, gold filigree work, German-silver work, embossed brass vessels and lacquered toys; but the brasswork for which Benares used to be famous has greatly degenerated.
On the th of January  Henry Clay presented the famous resolution which constituted the basis of the ultimate compromise.
It has long been famous for its cattle and sheep sales, but more particularly for the great August lamb fair, the largest in Scotland, at which as many as , lambs have been sold.
The growth of chemical literature since the publication of Lavoisier's famous Traite de chimie in , and of Berzelius' Lehrbuch der Chemie in -, has been enormous.
Although Kekule founded his famous benzene formula in  on the assumptions that the six hydrogen atoms in benzene are equivalent and that the molecule is symmetrical, i.e.
He completed it, however, and in  it was produced at Dresden, where, with Madame Schroeder Devrient and Herr Tichatschek in the principal parts, it achieved a success which went far to make him famous.
Her son, Mahommed, commonly called Baha-uddin Walad, was famous for his learning and piety, but being afraid of the sultan's jealousy, he emigrated to Asia Minor in .
In remembrance of these victims of popular wrath Jalal-uddin founded the order of the Maulawi (in Turkish Mevlevi) dervishes, famous for their piety as well as for their peculiar garb of mourning, their music and their mystic dance (sama), which is the outward representation of the circling movement of the spheres, and the inward symbol of the circling movement of the soul caused by the vibrations of a Sufi's fervent love to God.
Of this school the acknowledged head and founder was Wordsworth, and the tenets it professed are those laid down by the poet himself in the famous preface to the edition of The Lyrical Ballads which he published in .
It has been famous for its sulphur and saline waters since the middle of the th century, and also enjoys great vogue as a holiday resort.
Its surrender in , after a ten months' siege, to the Spaniards under Spinola is the subject of the famous picture by Velasquez in the Museo del Prado in Madrid.
In the course of his recital snatches of other myths are referred to, including he famous TammuzAdonis tale, in which Tammuz, the youthful bridegroom, is slain by his consort Ishtar.
In the r i th tablet, Ut-Napishtim tells the famous story of the Babylonian flood, which is so patently attached to Gilgamesh in a most artificial manner.
It is romantically situated in the part of the Haardt called the Pfalzer Schweiz (Palatinate Switzerland), and is surrounded by high hills which yield a famous red sandstone.
Its once famous tanneries have lost their importance, but the manufacture of linen has increased; it has also steam flour-mills, distilleries, manufactories of soap and of iron implements.
Between Alloa and Stirling the stream forms the famous "links," the course being so sinuous that whereas by road the two towns are but  m.
Another, Thomas Grenville (-), who was, with one interval, a member of parliament from  to , and for a few months during  and  president of the board of control and first lord of the admiralty, is perhaps more famous as a book-collector than as a statesman; he bequeathed his large and valuable library to the British Museum.
Vadier and Jean Baptiste Drouet, famous as the postmaster of Saint-Menehould who had arrested Louis XVI., and now a member of the Council of Five Hundred.
Ptolemy, who had access to the treasures of the famous library of Alexandria was able, no doubt, to utilize these cadastral plans when compiling his geography.
Hipparchus, the famous astronomer, on the other hand, (c.  B.C.) proved a somewhat captious critic. He justly objected to the arbitrary network of the map of Eratosthenes.
Thus, Varro (De rustici) mentions a map of Italy engraved on marble, in the temple of Tellus, Pliny, a map of the seat of war in Armenia, of the time of the emperor Nero, and the more famous map of the Roman Empire which was ordered to be prepared for Julius Caesar ( B.C.), but only completed in the reign of Augustus, who placed a copy of it, engraved in marble, in the Porticus of his sister Octavia ( B.C.).
Phison +barya L op felice Other Catalans are, Jahuda Cresques, a Jew of Barcelona, the supposed author of the famous Catalan map of the world (), Guglielmo Solerio (), Mecia de Viladestes (-) Gabriel de Valleseche (-) and Pietro Roselli, a pupil of Beccario of Genoa ().
Leonardo da Vinci, the famous artist, while in the service of Cesare Borgia as military engineer, made surveys of several districts in central Italy.
Bologninus Zalterius on a map of , and Mercator on his famous chart of , separates the two continents by a narrow strait which they call Streto de Anian, thus anticipating the discovery of Bering Strait by more than a hundred and fifty years.
Proposals for a new map of France, to replace the famous Cassini map of-were made in  and again by France.
The most important of the antiquarian remains are the ruins of the famous castle situated on a rocky height, originally covering with its precincts an area of over  acres, and containing in all eight round towers.
This was within historic times a great inlet of the English Channel, and Winchelsea was a famous seaport until the th century.
After ten years of fighting, Humayun was driven out of India and compelled to flee to Persia through the desert of Sind, where his famous son, Akbar the Great, was born in the petty fort of Umarkot ().
He went in  to college at Aberdeen, where he made a friend of Robert Hall, afterwards the famous preacher.
The famous marble quarries of Paros have been practically abandoned in modern times; the marble of Tenos is now worked by a British syndicate.
Seven years later he felt himself a sufficiently ripe Greek scholar to begin the translation of Plato, by which his name is famous in the history of scholarship, and which is still the best translation of that author Italy can boast.
He then studied law for a short time at Wrentham, Massachusetts; was tutor in Latin and Greek (-) and librarian (-) at Brown University; studied during - in the famous law school conducted by Judge James Gould at Litchfield, Connecticut; and in  was admitted to the Norfolk (Mass.) bar.
Chartres is built on the left bank of the Eure, on a hill crowned by its famous cathedral, the spires of which are a landmark in the surrounding country.
The more conspicuous buildings are the ancient Gothic cathedral (restored in , and again in  after the interior was destroyed by fire), with its lofty tower, the cavalry barracks, the ex-convent of the Capuchins at a little distance from the city, and the seminary in which are preserved the famous Oscan inscription known as the Cippus Abellanus (from Abella, the modern Avella, q.v.) and some Latin inscriptions relating to a treaty with Nola regarding a joint temple of Hercules.
Arab tradition regards it as the home of Job; and it is famous as being the centre of the Ghassanid dynasty.
The strong, black perique of the delta - cultivated very generally in the lower alluvial region before the Civil War, but now almost exclusively in St James parish - is a famous leaf, grown since early colonial times.
The portion of the southern plain between the bays of Cortes and Majana is the most famous portion of the Vuelta Abajo tobacco region.
The iron ores are even more accessible than the famous ones of the Lake Superior region in the United States.
The synod of Chalcedon in , following the lines of Pope Leo I.'s famous letter, endeavoured to steer a middle course between the so-called Nestorian and Eutychian positions.
In it he discusses the "notes" which distinguish Catholic truth from heresy, and (cap. ) lays down and applies the famous threefold test of orthodoxy - quod ubique, quod semper, quod ab omnibus credi-tum est.
Among the most famous were the expedition undertaken by Diego de Ordaz, whose lieutenant Martinez claimed to have been rescued from shipwreck, conveyed inland, and entertained at Omoa by "El Dorado" himself (); and the journeys of Orellana (-), who passed down the Rio Napo to the valley of the Amazon; that of Philip von Hutten (-), who led an exploring party from Coro on the coast of Caracas; and of Gonzalo Ximenes de Quesada (), who started from Santa Fe de Bogota.
He became one of the famous circle of the transcendentalists, always keenly preserving his own individuality amongst such more or less potent natures as Emerson, Hawthorne and Margaret Fuller.
Flora McDonald, the famous Scottish heroine, came to Campbelltown in April  with her husband and children, and here she seems to have lived during the remainder of that year.
Law's Case of Reason (), in answer to Tindal's Christianity as old as the Creation is to a great extent an anticipation of Bishop Butler's famous argument in the Analogy.
In  Hunyadi, now governor of Hungary, collected the largest army yet mustered by the Hungarians against the Turks, but he was defeated on the famous field of Kossovo and with difficulty escaped, while most of the chivalry of Hungary fell.
After capturing Algiers, an attack by this famous admiral on Tunis was repulsed with the aid of Spain, but in the Mediterranean he maintained a hotlycontested struggle with Charles's admiral, Andrea Doria.
Of these the most remarkable was Piri Reis, nephew of Kamil Reis, the famous corsair who, under Bayezid II., had swept the Aegean and Mediterranean.
Thus Ali (q.v.), Pasha of Iannina, the most famous of these, though insubordinate and inclined to intrigue with foreign powers in the hope of making himself independent, had used his influence to keep the Greeks quiet; and it was only after his power had been broken in  that the agitation of the Hetairia issued in widespread dangerous revolt.
As soon as their strategic purpose of cutting him off from Vienna became apparent, the emperor moved his troops into position, and in the afternoon issued his famous proclamation to his troops, pointing out the enemy's mistakes and his plan for defeating them.
So famous was the silk of Bagdad, manufactured in the Attabieh quarter (named after Attab, a contemporary of the Prophet), that the place-name passed over into Spanish, Italian, French and finally into English in the form of "tabby," as the designation of a rich-coloured watered silk.
Her father was the famous financier Necker, her mother Suzanne Curchod, almost equally famous as the early love of Gibbon, as the wife of Necker himself, and as the mistress of one of the most popular salons of Paris.
She is said to have written her father a letter on his famous Compte-Rendu and other matters when she was not fifteen, and to have injured her health by excessive study and intellectual excitement.
During part of the next few years they resided at Coppet, her father's estate on the Lake of Geneva, which she herself made famous.
She betook herself to Coppet, and there gathered round her a considerable number of friends and fellow-refugees, the beginning of the quasi-court which at intervals during the next five-andtwenty years made the place so famous.
In the interior there are a number of interesting monuments, among which the most noticeable are those of Thomas Howard, rd duke of Norfolk, and of Henry Howard, the famous earl of Surrey, who was beheaded by Henry VIII.
Taraba, according to John Lewis Burckhardt, is a considerable town, surrounded by palm groves and gardens, and watered by numerous rivulets, and famous for its long resistance to Mehemet Ali's forces in .
Lower Euclid Avenue (the old country road to Euclid, ., and Erie, Pa.) is given up to commercial uses; the eastern part of the avenue has handsome houses with spacious and beautifully ornamented grounds, and is famous as one of the finest residence streets in the country.
Here in  he published his famous Pensees diverses sur la comete de  and his critique of Maimbourg's work on the history of Calvinism.
Souvigny possesses the church of a famous Cluniac priory dating from the th-th and th centuries, and containing the splendid tombs (th century) of Louis II.
While still practising medicine he entered into relations with another master of Paris, the philosopher John of Jandun, who collaborated with him in the composition of the famous Defensor pacis (), one of the most extraordinary political and religious works which appeared during the th century.
Such is this famous work, full of obscurities, redundancies and contradictions, in which the thread of the argument is sometimes lost in a labyrinth of reasonings and citations, both sacred and profane, but which nevertheless expresses, both in religion and politics, such audacious and novel ideas that it has been possible to trace in it, as it were, a rough sketch of the doctrines developed during the periods of the Reformation and of the French Revolution.
The most famous of these committees are those of Public Safety, of General Security, of Education (Comite de salut public, Comite de siirete generale, Comite de l'instruction).
Shah Jahan erected many splendid monuments, the most famous of which is the Taj Mahal at Agra, built as a tomb for his wife Mumtaz Mahal; while the Pearl Mosque at Agra and the palace and great mosque at Delhi also commemorate him.
In the meantime the new king, by issuing his famous charter, by recalling Anselm, and by choosing the Anglo-Scottish princess Edith-Matilda, daughter of Malcolm III.,.
Wellington's policy was thus cautious and defensive, and he had already commenced the since famous lines of Torres Vedras round Lisbon.
The famous china manufactory of Nymphenburg, founded in  at Neudeck by a potter named Niedermeyer, was shortly afterwards removed hither and, after being long under royal patronage, is now a private undertaking.
The principal manufactures of Georgetown are cotton and cotton-seed oil, and planing-mill products.* In Page Park are mineral springs, whose waters have medicinal qualities similar to the famous Karlsbad waters.
On another occasion Patrick is reported to have overthrown a famous idol known as Cenn Cruaich or Cromm Cruaich in the plain of Mag Slecht (county Cavan).
On the walls of the temple is engraved the famous Monumentum Ancyranum, a long inscription in Latin and Greek describing the Res gestae divi Augusti; the Latin portion being inscribed on the inner left-hand wall of the pronaos, the Greek on the outside wall of the naos (cella).
Behind the citadel, and along its glacis on the southern side, are the gardens of Kalemegdan, commanding a famous view across the river; behind Kalemegdan comes Belgrade itself, a city of white houses, among which a few great public buildings, like the high school, national bank, national theatre and the so-called New Palace, stand forth prominently.
In  he became a regular attendant at the meetings of the famous Boston Saturday Club, to the members of which he dedicated his account of a vacation trip, To Cuba and Back ().
In this office in  he won before the Supreme Court of the United States the famous prize case of the "Amy Warwick," on the decision in which depended the right of the government to blockade the Confederate ports, without giving the Confederate states an international status as belligerents.
He shipped a number of works of art for England, and in the fourth and most famous expedition () twenty-seven cases of marbles were despatched to the British Museum.
Thence he was led to his famous researches on the phenomena produced by the discharge of electricity through highly exhausted tubes (sometimes known as "Crookes' tubes" in consequence), and to the development of his theory of "radiant matter" or matter in a "fourth state," which led up to the modern electronic theory.
He confidently expected to be nominated for president in , and his famous letter of the th of April, in which he frankly opposed the immediate annexation of Texas, though doubtless contributing greatly to his defeat, was not made public until he felt practically sure of the nomination.
The market for leather and cloth is important, and Ulm is famous for its vegetables (especially asparagus), barley, beer, pipe-bowls and sweet cakes (Ulmer Zuckerbrot).
His first service was under Lord Cochrane (afterwards tenth earl of Dundonald) in the famous "Imperieuse," and no midshipman ever had a livelier apprenticeship to the sea.
Of all his portraits of adventurous sailors, "Gentleman Chucks" in Peter Simple and "Equality Jack" in Mr Midshipman Easy are the most famous, but he created many other types which take rank among the characteristic figures in English fiction.
They then reigned over the two dioceses of Lescar and Oloron; but their capital was Morlaas, where they had a mint which was famous throughout the middle ages.
In the following year he published the first volume of his famous work Essai sur la metaphysique d'Aristote, to which in  he added a supplementary volume.
The order of African missionaries thus founded, for which Lavigerie himself drew up the rule, has since become famous as the Peres Blanes.
The next step was to force the confessors to accept their lax interpretation of the law; and this was accomplished by their famous theory of probabilism - first taught in Spain about .
The most famous of these are B euves de Comarchis, Ernaud de Girone, Garin d'Anseun, Aimer le chaff, so called from his long captivity with the Saracens.
Aliscans (Aleschans, Alyscamps, Elysii Campi) was, however, generally taken to represent the battle of Villedaigne, and to take its name from the famous cemetery outside Arles.
Pontiac, named in honour of the famous Indian chief of that name, was laid out as a town in , became the county-seat in , was incorporated as a village in , and was chartered in .
The lectures in their published form made his name famous throughout America and Europe, and confirmed the stricter Unitarians in America in their attitude towards him and his supporters.
Parker assisted actively in the escape of fugitive slaves, and for trying to prevent the rendition of perhaps the most famous of them, Anthony Burns, was indicted, but the indictment was quashed.
The retirement of the timid primate left him without an equal in the Estate of Clergy, and it was very largely due to his co-operation that the king was able to carry through the famous "Act of Unity and Security" which converted Sweden from a constitutional into a semi-absolute monarchy.
The story of the famous kiss bestowed by Margaret of Scotland on la precieuse bouche de laquelle sont issus et sortis taut de bons mots et vertueuses paroles is mythical, for Margaret did not come to France till , after the poet's death; but the story, first told by Guillaume Bouchet in his Annales d'Aquitaine (), is interesting, if only as a proof of the high degree of estimation in which the ugliest man of his day was held.
Bradford was at one time the centre of the clothing industry in the west of England, and was especially famous for its broadcloths and mixtures, the waters of the Avon being especially favourable to the production of good colours and superior dyes.
Hermann, who became a monk of the famous abbey of Reichenau, is at once one of the most attractive and one of the most pathetic figures of medieval monasticism.
Reiske (-); and, though for many years the most famous teacher of Semitic languages in Europe, he had little of the higher philological faculty, and neither his grammatical nor his critical work has left a permanent mark, with the exception perhaps of his text-critical studies on the Peshitta.
In geography he found a field hardly touched since Samuel Bochart, in whose footsteps he followed in the Spicilegium geographiae hebraeorum exterae post Bochartum (-); and to his impulse we owe the famous Eastern expedition conducted by Carsten Niebuhr.
Some vestiges of this celebrated monastic house, which formerly owned the famous Welsh MS. known as the "Black Book of Carmarthen," are visible between the present Priory Street and the river.
This was the most distinguished post in the most famous of continental universities, and Dempster was now at the height of his fame.
The chief of these is occupied by the famous fortress Fredriksten, protected on three sides by precipices founded by Frederick III.
He became famous as a teacher of Greek letters and the Platonic philosophy; in  he was made professor at Padua, and in  he was summoned by Lorenzo de' Medici to Florence to fill the professorship vacated by John Argyropoulos.
The publicist Charles Joseph Panckoucke (-), owner of the Mercure de France and publisher of the famous Encyclopedie (), persuaded him to merge this in a larger paper, the Moniteur universel, which gained a wide repute for correctness and impartiality.
It was especially celebrated for its successes in the Olympic games from  B.C. onwards, Milo being the most famous of its athletes.
Its healthy situation was famous in antiquity, and to this was ascribed its superiority in athletics; it was the seat also of a medical school which in the days of Herodotus was considered the first in Greece.
These must one and all be cleared away before we can enter on that era of universal peace towards the attainment of which the tsar of Russia declared, in his famous circular of , the efforts of all governments should be directed.
Modified though never essentially changed, () by contact with the star-worship of the Chaldaeans, who identified Mithras with Shamash, god of the sun,() by the indigenous Armenian religion and other local Asiatic faiths and () by the Greeks of Asia Minor, who identified Mithras with Helios, and contributed to the success of his cult by equipping it for the first time with artistic representations (the famous Mithras relief originated in the Pergamene school towards the nd century B.C.), Mithraism was first transmitted to the Roman world during the st century B.C. by the Cilician pirates captured by Pompey.
The town was once famous for its pistols and sporrans (as the purses worn with the kilt are called), which were in great request by the clansmen of the Highlands.
It is famous as the scene of a battle, on the th of May , between the French and the Allies after Napoleon's retreat from Moscow.
Inver, near the mouth of the Bran, was the birthplace of the two famous fiddlers, Niel Gow (-) and his son Nathaniel (-).
To the south of the metropolis are Colinton (pop. ), on the Water of Leith, with several mansions that once belonged to famous men, such as Dreghorn Castle and Bonally Tower; and Currie (pop. ), which was a Roman station and near which are Curriehill Castle (held by the rebels against Queen Mary), the ruins of Lennox Tower, and Riccarton, the seat of the GibsonCraigs, one of the best-known Midlothian families.
Alexander Carlyle, the famous divine (  -), whose Memorials of his Times still affords fascinating reading, ministered for fifty-five years in the parish church, in the graveyard of which lies David Macbeth Moir (-), who under the pen-name of " Delta " wrote Mansie Wauch, a masterpiece of Scots humour and pathos.
Lasswade (pop. of parish, ), partly in the Pentlands, famous for its oatmeal, was often the summer resort of Edinburgh worthies.
Bath Springs are located just outside the borough limits; though not so famous as they were early in the th century, these springs are still well known for the medicinal properties of their chalybeate waters.
The range of Taygetus is well watered and was in ancient times covered with forests which afforded excellent hunting to the Spartans, while it had also large iron mines and quarries of an inferior bluish marble, as well as of the famous rosso antico of Taenarum.
But his most distinguished effort at the bar was undoubtedly the speech for the House of Commons in the famous case of Stockdale v.
The project fell through, but gave occasion for the famous moot at Salisbury in which William took an oath of direct allegiance from "all the land-sitting men that were in England" ().
It contains the famous Tabulae Iguvinae, and a collection of paintings of the Umbrian school, of furniture and of majolica.
Here are Pinturicchio's famous frescoes of scenes from the life of the latter pontiff, and the collection of choir books (supported on sculptured desks) with splendid illuminations by Sienese and other artists.
This church crowns the Fontebranda hill above the famous fountain of that name immortalized by Dante, and in a steep lane below stands the house of St Catherine, now converted into a church and oratory, and maintained at the expense of the inhabitants of the Contrada dell' Oca.
In his famous speech in the Senate on the th of July , on the question of establishing a government for Oregon Territory, he held that a slave should be treated by the Federal government on the same basis as any other property, and therefore that it was the duty of Congress to protect the owner's right to his slave in whatever state or territory of the Union that slave might be.
During this period he published his poetical satire called Metamorphosis (), his Epistolae ad virum perillustrem (), his Description of Denmark and Norway (), History of Denmark, Universal Church History, Biographies of Famous Men, Moral Reflections, Description of Bergen (), A History of the Jews, and other learned and laborious compilations.
The only poem he published at this time was the famous Nicolai Klimii iter subterraneum (), afterwards translated into Danish by Baggesen.
The climate is cold, dry and healthy, despite the prevalence of the famous "Aleppo button," a swelling which appears either on the face or on the hands, and breaks into an ulcer which lasts a year and leaves a permanent scar.
It is in the north-west of the province, is famous for its investment by the Boers in   and is an important railway junction.
The book was undoubtedly the precursor of the famous Books of Sentences of Abelard's own pupil Peter Lombard and others, and of all the Summae theologiae with which the church was presently to abound.
His preaching gifts were developed by the orator Juan de Avila, and he became one of the most famous of Spanish preachers.
He fell under the suspicion of the Inquisition; his mystical teaching was said to be heretical, and his most famous book, the Guia de Peccadores, still a favourite treatise and one that has been translated into nearly every European tongue, was put on the Index of the Spanish Inquisition, together with his book on prayer, in  His great opponent was the restless and ambitious Melchior Cano, who stigmatized the second book as containing grave errors smacking of the heresy of the Alumbrados and manifestly contradicting Catholic faith and teaching.
The famous Panama hats, fine qualities of which were at one time worth £ to £ each, are made from the leaves of the screw pine, Carludovica palmata.
The medicinal properties of the sulphur water were discovered, or perhaps rediscovered, in  by a famous Welsh writer, the Rev. Theophilus Evans, then vicar of Llangammarch (to which living Llanwrtyd was a chapelry till ).
The author has incorporated in it the finest poem to be found in all Syriac literature, the famous Hymn of the Soul.
When Rabbula, the fierce anti-Nestorian and friend of Cyril, died in , he was succeeded in the bishopric by Ibas, who as head of the famous " Persian Book of Chastity, par.
The other, John bar Aphtonya, was the founder of the famous monastery of Kenneshre, opposite ' See Feldmann, Syrische Wechsellieder von Narses (Leipzig, ); Mingana, Narsai, homiliae et carmina ( vols., Mosul, ); and other editions of which a list is given by Duval, p.  seq.
In  his famous allegory of Rome and Geneva, slightly disguised as the rival princesses Mreo and Eenegu, in the Relation de file de Borneo, gave proof of his daring in religious matters.
In  there was born to him, by a certain Mlle du Bouchet, the son, Philip Stanhope, for whose advice and instruction were afterwards written the famous Letters.
In any case the doctor had expected more help from a professed patron of literature, and wrote the earl the famous letter in defence of men of letters.
He desired to be known as a protector of letters and literary men; and his want of heart or head over the Dictionary dedication, though explained and excused by Croker, none the less inspired the famous change in a famous line - " Toil, envy, want, the patron, and the jail.
But a close-fitting skirt or tunic was more usual, and the Semites on the famous Beni-Hasan tombs (about the th or th century B.C.) wear richly decorated cloth FIG.
Khammurabi and the sun-god Shamash, on the former's famous code of laws, have the same features and almost the same frizzled beard, and, according to Meyer, the king in claiming supremacy over Sumer and Akkad wears the costume of the lands.
There is a statue of Pope Silvester II., born near Aurillac in  and educated in the abbey, which soon afterwards became one of the most famous schools of France.
In the cave the saint held his famous colloquy with the devil, in which Satan was worsted and contemptuously dismissed.
This countess of Dysart (afterwards duchess of Lauderdale) was a famous beauty of the period, and notorious both for her amours and for her political influence.
Charpentier in his Excellence de la langue francaise () had anticipated Perrault in the famous academical dispute concerning the relative merit of the ancients and moderns.
The surrounding country is famous for its celery, and the city is an important manufacturing centre, ranking third among the cities of the state in the value of its factory products in .
To the overtures of Ricasoli in , Pius IX., at Antonelli's suggestion, replied with the famous "Non possumus," but subsequently () accepted, too late, Ricasoli's proposal concerning ecclesiastical property.
The Brahma Samaj maintained a bare existence till , when Babu Debendra Nath Tagore, a member of a famous and wealthy Calcutta family, devoted himself to it.
They are traversed by the Anapus, with its tributary the Cyane, the latter famous for the papyrus planted by the Arabs, which here alone in Europe grows wild in the stream.
The best of them, and the best thing that Lamartine ever did, is the famous Lac, describing his return to the little mountain tarn of Le Bourget after the death of his mistress, with whom he had visited it in other days.
Another work, on obstetrics, now lost, was equally famous, and procured for him, among the Arabs, the name of "the Obstetrician."
The study of Hippocrates, Galen, and other classics was recommended by Cassiodorus (th century), and in the original mother-abbey of Monte Cassino medicine was studied; but there was not there what could be called a medical school; nor had this foundation any connexion (as has been supposed) with the famous school of Salerno.
Arcana were often shown to be such by their physical properties, not only by such as heat, cold, &c., but by fortuitous resemblances to certain parts of the body; thus arose the famous doctrine of "signatures," or signs indicating the virtues and uses of natural objects, which was afterwards developed into great complexity.
In the case of Laennec himself this qualification takes nothing from his fame, for he studied so minutely the relations of post-mortem appearances to symptoms during life that, had he not discovered auscultation, his researches in morbid anatomy would have made him famous.
Rope and twine making, iron-founding and brewing are carried on, and the town has long been famous for its gingerbread.
The abbe de Chateauneuf died before his godson left school, but he had already introduced him to the famous and dissipated coterie of the Temple, of which the grand prior Vendome was the head, and the poets Chaulieu and La Fare the chief literary stars.
He was now introduced to a less questionable and even more distinguished coterie than Vendome's, to the famous "court of Sceaux," the circle of the beautiful and ambitious duchesse du Maine.
Ever after his exit from the Bastille in April  he was known as Arouet de Voltaire, or simply Voltaire, though legally he never abandoned his patronymic. The origin of the famous name has been much debated, and attempts have been made to show that it actually existed in the Daumart pedigree or in some territorial designation.
It was nearly three months afterwards that the famous, ludicrous and brutal arrest was made at Frankfort, on the persons of himself and his niece, who had met him meanwhile.
Volumes and almost libraries have been written on the Calas affair, and we can but refer here to the only less famous cases of Sirven (very similar to that of Calas, though no judicial murder was actually committed), Espinasse (who had been sentenced to the galleys for harbouring a Protestant minister), Lally (the son of the unjustly treated but not blameless Irish-French commander in India), D'Etalonde (the companion of La Barre), Montbailli and others.
His other efforts in this latter direction are either slight and almost insignificant in scope, or, as in the case of the somewhat famous Ecossaise, deriving all their interest from being personal libels.
The famous "pour encourager les autres" (that the shooting of Byng did "encourage the others" very much is not to the point) is a typical example, and indeed the whole of Candide shows the style at its perfection.
In the famous picture of Tomomachus of Byzantium Medea is deliberating whether or not she shall kill her children; there are copies of this painting in the mural decorations of Herculaneum and Pompeii.
The other bears the record of a second expedition to the same land of Punt, undertaken by command of Queen Hatshepsut,  B.C. It is preserved in the vividly chiselled and richly coloured decorations portraying the history of the reign of this famous Pharaoh on the walls of the "Stage Temple" at Thebes.
Cyprus was for centuries famous for their manufacture, and they were still known in the middle ages by the names of pastils or osselets of Cyprus.
There is no modern survival of the name of Tyburn, which finds, indeed, its chief historical interest as attaching to the famous place of execution which lay near the modern Marble Arch.
The old bridge, famous for many generations, bearing its rows of houses and its chapel in the centre, was completed early in the th century.
Arundel House, originally a seat of the bishops of Bath, was the residence of Thomas Howard, earl of Arundel, whose famous collection of sculpture, the Arundel Marbles, was housed here until presented to Oxford University in .
