
Here, then, I made my home; and although it is a lonely place I amuse myself making rustles and flutters, and so get along very nicely.
Nations can do this by acquiring enough military might that an attempted land grab would cost their neighbors more than they would get if successful.
Then we will all go down together and Maria can get acquainted with her while you are measured for a dress.
An exception worth noting is that the poor who get better products at cheaper prices will see their wealth rise accordingly.
If we examine a man little dependent on external conditions, whose action was performed very recently, and the causes of whose action are beyond our ken, we get the conception of a minimum of inevitability and a maximum of freedom.
I know I could get mugged, but that could happen in the hospital parking lot if I was driving a car.
Once we get the problem off our "to-do list" and stick it onto the computer's, we largely will be done.
If he had simply ignored her, she might have been able to get her emotions under control, but now a sob threatened so convincingly that she was afraid to breathe.
In a quiet room with no one looking on, she managed to get her emotions under control by focusing on Destiny.
They had been married almost five years, so... that meant the baby was conceived long before they met - about the time he and Tessa were going to get married.
Yeah, you could get to it, but it would take a while, and you'd be subjecting yourself to thorns, ticks, snakes and about ten miles of the roughest country you can imagine.
Fayetteville is long distance, but I'll be glad to pay you for the call as soon as I get my things.
If you want to wait until I get off work, I'll try to leave a little early so we won't get back so late.
There was no way to get the creature out without breaking the vase, so the Tin Woodman smashed it with his axe and set the little prisoner free.
But really, I fell into the pool at the fountain, and this kind man brought me here to get me dry.
The same happenchance brought us the learning that children in schools with fluorescent lights get fewer cavities than those in schools with incandescent lighting.
And when more and more people have their medical history tracked over time, we will learn even more about how our bodies get sick and how they heal.
The minute we do, the people doing those jobs should become operators of the new machines—and get big raises because their productivity just shot way up.
Frankly, no one wants to do them, so the only way to get people to do them is to pay them.
And the sooner we get machines to do the things they can do, freeing up people to do what they can do, the happier and wealthier we all will be.
Anatole Kuragin's father managed somehow to get his son's affair hushed up, but even he was ordered out of Petersburg.
Nowadays they cart them off to some baby sitter they hardly know, just to get the kids out of their hair.
Nudge him with your heals to get him started and pull gently on the reins when you want him to stop.
Sure, they had spent more time wandering on the ranch, but that was only because Brandon wanted to get her alone.
Don't you know people talk about a woman who spends weeks out here with men - and men start to get ideas.
They would probably be leaving very soon and anything she could do to hurry the process meant they would get to Ashley sooner.
It was nice to get away for a while, but the way women acted, you'd think I was romantically involved with every one of the men.
Dorothy was herself anxious to get home, so she promised Eureka they would not stay in the Land of Oz much longer.
With skin cancer, like all diseases, over time some people get better and some people get worse, and often we really don't know why.
Now, you don't know if the radishes make the people get better or if something that makes people crave radishes also beats back skin cancer.
If people with those conditions get better, information about their treatment can be widely shared with those who have the common genetic factors.
To the extent that I get accurate information from other consumers of the product, I will tend to make better choices.
With the rapid flow of information about businesses and their products, along with the ease of "checking up" on a vendor, good businesses will get more business and push out the bad ones.
I would love to write more and more about this topic, about how things will get better and cheaper in the future.
I wrote timidly, fearfully, but resolutely, urged on by my teacher, who knew that if I persevered, I should find my mental foothold again and get a grip on my faculties.
Whenever it was possible, I touched the machinery while it was in motion, so as to get a clearer idea how the stones were weighed, cut, and polished.
Some one balances the toboggan on the very crest of the hill, while we get on, and when we are ready, off we dash down the side of the hill in a headlong rush, and, leaping a projection, plunge into a snow-drift and go swimming far across the pond at a tremendous rate!...
I find I get on faster, and do better work with Mr. Keith than I did in the classes at the Cambridge School, and I think it was well that I gave up that kind of work.
He didn't bring it up again - not even when Jonathan was unable to get his short arm into a comfortable position to play the guitar.
It didn't take long for him to get home, and when he came in from the garage, he went directly to his gun cabinet and took out a rifle.
She started to get up so she could lead him to their bedroom, but he tugged her back down to the window seat.
If you absolutely insist on doing this, at least leave me instructions on how to get there... and a phone number where you can be reached.
I keep telling him that as long as he gives her money, she'll never get out of trouble, but he just says she's the only sister he has and he has the money.
Lisa started for her room to get a book to read and paused in the hallway to look at a photograph again.
I only meant it would be good to get out of the house, no matter what we went to see.
She had to get into that building and find out if there was any chance of a relationship with Yancey.
The man told him he needed to get rid of me and Yancey told him he'd deal with me in his own way.
Yancey didn't get out, but he did wait until she had her car started before he turned his car around and headed back to the house.
This would be one Saturday she wouldn't have to crawl out of bed and get ready to go to the diner.
The more they get to eat, the more offspring they will produce, and some of those offspring will need to stake out new territory.
But it would be nice to know you had a way to get out and do things without fear of taking the only vehicle.
Every year I come out here and try to convince him to get with the times, but it's to no avail.
People should get married because they want to spend the rest of their lives together, not because they've already shared a few nights.
You can run away from him, stay in the same relationship, or set your foot down and get things back into control.
It was a good thing Cade was with her, because she had no idea how to get back to the house.
If you'll think back, my message was that spending a few nights together wasn't a good reason to get married.
I know; I'm not jelouss, but you and Martha have this thing between you that goes so far back I get dizzy thinking about it.
It was some distance from the farm house and he thought he might not get to it before it left.
And recognize we have a life, even if it's only by necessity; the bills keep coming and I get hungry once in a while.
If he can get us better and timelier information and direct us to the best place to call in our tips, we're miles ahead.
I might gradually let you know some pertinent stuff but mostly you'll just get tips, as far as you're concerned, from an unidentified source.
Perhaps, Daniel Brennan could get out of the kitchen but the five of us would be left sitting on the stove.
You can look away when it actually happens but we have to get this guy before he kills another child.
Why don't you call Brennan when we get to the office and see what he thinks about the mystical Mr. Youngblood?
Perhaps they'll be something to my liking down the coast along the beach before I get seriously involved in necessary business.
I can get each of you two sets of ID, birth certificate, passport, driver's license, charge cards and a brief history that will check out.
You can expand on it if you want to; say get a driver's license in another state, or establish an address.
When these guys want something, they work real hard to get it and they have lots of toys at their disposal.
The site is helpful in tracking the status of our tips because they keep asking questions until they get answers.
I can't say for sure because I'm on the outside, trying to look in and trying not to get caught, but they've pulled the curtain closed on me.
Betsy lined up two likely abductions and she was anxious to get started, Quinn had already performed his part, setting his apparatus appropriately for a rural Iowa location where a twelve year old boy had gone missing.
Howie, if Quinn could get you back to the road, is there any way you could stay with this guy to his car, or whatever he's driving?
I know for a fact they've talked to the tip line people and didn't get very far but who knows if they're tapping the line.
If I am unsuccessful there are others who may hold the answers I demand and I now have plans to get them as well.
There was no way in a dozen lifetimes I'd ever get a sniff at a tenth of that much money!
I get a lot of phone calls from people snooping for more information but I tell them I print everything I know.
So they re-introduced it as chick-wheels so the honeys along the beach could scoop out the surfers and maybe get laid.
Lake Erie sits north of Ohio for a long stretch so to get into Canada going east; he'd enter in New York State, around Niagara Falls.
While Martha was on the phone trying to get our air conditioning system checked, I had a few moments alone with my wife.
Yes and I can go back to asking questions I haven't been able to ask and I have sources to get answers.
