
I knew it, it was the odour that always precedes a thunderstorm, and a nameless fear clutched at my heart.
I always knew when she wished me to bring her something, and I would run upstairs or anywhere else she indicated.
I could always tell if visitors had called in my absence, either by the bended twigs or grass, or the print of their shoes, and generally of what sex or age or quality they were by some slight trace left, as a flower dropped, or a bunch of grass plucked and thrown away, even as far off as the railroad, half a mile distant, or by the lingering odor of a cigar or pipe.
Seeing the self-confident and refined expression on the faces of those present he was always expecting to hear something very profound.
He's always been secretive, and whenever I ask him, he just tells me it's something I don't want to be involved in.
Many years before you came here this Land was united under one Ruler, as it is now, and the Ruler's name was always 'Oz,' which means in our language 'Great and Good'; or, if the Ruler happened to be a woman, her name was always 'Ozma.'
If it can be demonstrated that in the future, peace will always be preferable to all nations, then war will end.
It was one thing to tell herself everything was resolved, but quite another to thoroughly accept something she had always considered wrong.
Of course, there was always the possibility that she had come up with the idea of distracting Spenser, but he found that hard to believe.
While Cynthia was proud of her son Randy's athletic achievements, she always saw those abilities as a means to an end—not an end in itself.
He'd always hoped Rhyn would have another chance, that Hell was a place to stash the dangerous immortal until the world was ready for him.
You're always welcome to call me, and I hope you think of me when you're prepping for the Spring Gala.
The bombshell blonde always threw good dinner parties with fun themes; this theme had been Disco Night, complete with lava lamps, disco ball, tacky 's music that still jammed out the open windows, and costumes for those who chose to wear them.
I shall prize the little book always, not only for its own value; but because of its associations with you.
Love always finds its way to an imprisoned soul, and leads it out into the world of freedom and intelligence!
At another time she asked, "Do you not think we would be very much happier always, if we did not have to die?"
The thick wood is not just at our door, nor the pond, but somewhat is always clearing, familiar and worn by us, appropriated and fenced in some way, and reclaimed from Nature.
But sometimes it was a really noble and inspiring strain that reached these woods, and the trumpet that sings of fame, and I felt as if I could spit a Mexican with a good relish--for why should we always stand for trifles?--and looked round for a woodchuck or a skunk to exercise my chivalry upon.
As is always the case with a thoroughly attractive woman, her defect--the shortness of her upper lip and her half-open mouth--seemed to be her own special and peculiar form of beauty.
Amid the smoke, deafened by the incessant reports which always made him jump, Tushin not taking his pipe from his mouth ran from gun to gun, now aiming, now counting the charges, now giving orders about replacing dead or wounded horses and harnessing fresh ones, and shouting in his feeble voice, so high pitched and irresolute.
Dolokhov often dined at the Rostovs', never missed a performance at which they were present, and went to Iogel's balls for young people which the Rostovs always attended.
And not the face she had known ever since she could remember and had always seen at a distance, but the timid, feeble face she had seen for the first time quite closely, with all its wrinkles and details, when she stooped near to his mouth to catch what he said.
Brandon didn't act much different at the apartment, but he always seemed to end up in the chair beside her at the table.
Yeah, well she probably never took a whip to your father, but there's always a first time, Anyway, I guess she was pretty worked up.
He insisted I tell him where I was setting my units so he always knew approximately where he was going.
I used them a lot over the years, not always to the FBI liking which didn't help my career but I found they often work.
We could always go back to throw away phones but even those were suspect when our pursuer was a high level government agency.
This one showed a determined kitty hanging from a tree branch and always made her smile, even when she was hung-over.
The translator was not always good at picking up every word, but she didn't need the translation of the unknown word.
She wasn't good at handling drama; Evelyn had always been like a perfect older sister, capable of patience and listening.
He'd always intended to bed her when she was ready for him, but he'd never thought that moment would be now, if at all.
She didn't like to think of how violent the man in control of a world always at war could be.
They said they always heard Aunt Annie lived in a fine rooming house before she met up with Reverend Martin.
Mountain winters were always a surprise to lowlanders and easterners, where the chemistry of moisture played games that produced slush and wet snow, not the sparkling crystals so soft a broom could clear a foot-deep snowfall with a few swishes.
He's one of these type A personality guys who's always wound up tighter than a spring—wears whatever face suits the crowd.
It was her way of saying that while he might have been somewhat more reserved in his response to Claire Quincy, she was admitting the guest isn't always right.
He always made sure one of the adults was close by, but his youth and a natural sense of balance helped him to catch on to the sport quickly.
I noticed the newspaper always gave a big spread for weddings, so as long as I was there I thought I'd try and find Annie and the Reverend's marriage.
You're always testing because surface changes, by the season, the time of day, how many climbers hack away at it, sometimes by the hour.
I wear it always when we're together as it gives comfort to him about our situation which I know troubles him greatly.
Later, as they descended the stairs to the hall, Dean commented, "It's nice to think Annie and her friends are up there in heaven smiling down on us, probably thinking that we're nuts for always taking on everyone's problems."
The whole gang would end up jumping him and he would beat up each and every one, always careful to hold back enough so as not to kill anyone.
The downside was someone always managed to hit Jackson with a bullet or two or drive a knife into him, and break the tip off in a bone.
Jackson always pulled her closer and crooned, "I already have all I could ever wish for, and more than I deserve, right here."
Upon entering the music room, she grabbed her throw pillow, sat in her usual chair and cooed, "Pleeeeze do that one about the clouds, the one you always lock the door for?"
He had tried to teach her to play the piano many times through the years, but she always became bored within a week or so of practice and gave up.
Inside the dairy she shucked her coat and rubber boots, slipping into a pair of western boots she always kept in the barn.
Lori always did have a way with Josh, even back when they were kids and she had a monstrous crush on him.
It's just a matter of time until she and Bill get married and you know how Bill always liked this place.
Still, no mater how early she got up, the stove was always burning and Alex preceded her to the dairy.
Was it merely a facade, or did he always have a clear view of where he was headed and the confidence to get him there?
I always planned to fill this farm with kids, but they're going to be human and I hope none of them are like you!
Twenty acres and they were always at the fence line, poking their heads through to eat the brush on the other side.
She knew little about the stranger who called to check on her every day, not even his real name, but she was always cheered by his familiar voice.
The only other thing that made him feel alive was killing and destroying – the demon side of him that always won out.
You saw in him what I've always seen and no one else has.  He would do for me what I did for him.  Trading my soul to Death was not an easy decision, but I never would've done it for anyone else.
He is not, but he is a warrior worthy of her attention in battle.  The Immortals always say, at least they understand Darkyn.
He always took a bathing suit along on his trips but more times than not he was too busy to use them.
Hated the hot and stickies of Norfolk weather and was always after me to transfer him back to Scranton—fat chance of that—or to some bread-bas­ket state out west.
Even though some of the destinations might have been more effi­ciently visited by plane, Byrne always took a company car, often resulting in very long workdays.
As Dean lay in the dark, he absentminded­ly wondered if Ethel always wore "Thursday" when he came to call.
I know, because the twins always went up to Scranton on Wednesday night 'cause that's when this country and western band they liked played.
Yet try as he may, he didn't know the names of the three little kids next door, who'd come trick-or-treating for a half dozen years, sold Girl Scout cookies and always smiled—and they knew his name.
He always wanted to bike in the mountains but we had trouble enough funding two weeks vacation on the Jersey shore with the Rileys.
A short, balding man, who looked as if a haircut was more a social event than a necessity, rose to leave, and with a glance at the back room said, "Ol' Ralph always was a bit weird."
The path led step by step from the renter of Bascomb Place, with Fred and Dean always a step behind him.
Someone would laugh and it would remind him of her laugh, turn their head to the side and it would be the way she always moved.
I guess I've always been a dreamer and one night when I was just taking a piss I tripped over a couple suitcases with all my dreams in 'em. Sometimes there are temptations you just can't pass up.
Being a stay-at-home mother had always been her career choice, but that wasn't going to be an option – unless they adopted children.
Mom always said to be careful of a man who was full of pretty words – but then, she probably never met a man like Alex.
You might have wavered over some things, but you were always so... set... on children being a part of your future.
She grabbed more hay and stepped around the buggy Alex was restoring for her - a surrey with a fringe on top? exactly like she had always wanted.
If he thought she would be unfaithful so that she could have the baby she always wanted, then why wouldn't he think she would be unfaithful because she was lonely?
She always seemed to know what was going on inside people's heads, and to anticipate how a person would react to a given circumstance.
They disagreed, and sometimes they even spent a few days not talking to each other, but they always worked things out.
I always wondered if it was because Dad was gone so much, or maybe because he refused to buy her flowers.
Damian's wine goblet was never empty during the day, and he always had well-cared-for boots and more fresh flowers in his room than Darian.
Though he consulted her as frequently as he always had, he no longer took her with him everywhere he went or told her what he was doing.
In this, she would always remain a better person than the twisted, abusive man who had controlled her so absolutely before she killed him.
He always believed there to be nothing more frightening than being sealed underground, until he saw the small woman battling for her life.
He had always been the enemy with the most capability to harm her, yet did the most to help her.
Carmen said he had learned the gift of gab from his Dad, but Jonathan had always been perceptive about people.
Mums always said that you had to learn to look over their faults – forgive them as you would want them to forgive yours.
That wasn't very nice, I guess, but you always tried to hide your figure – though I can't for the life of me figure out why.
I don't always agree with his views on how to raise children either, but we don't contest each other in front of the children.
I've seen you knocked to your knees with pneumonia, grief and a sick husband, but you always come right back up fighting.
There was only one Tracker in existence that was able to pinpoint the whereabouts of a Watcher or Other, the two sets of immortals always at each others' throats.
In a variety of ways it does a great deal of social service similar to that of gilds of help. Its administration has always been in the hands of laymen, and it works through local "conferences" or branches, the general council having been suspended because it declined to accept a cardinal as its official head.
Such analyses, which do not always admit of great accuracy, have been confirmed by a few carefully planned experiments in which two components were brought together under very varied conditions, and the resulting compound analysed.
On account of this difficulty, the atomic weights published by Dalton, and the more accurate ones of Berzelius, were not always identical with the values now accepted, but were often simple multiples or submultiples of these.
His rivals saw how his intense personal ambition and egoism led him always to assume the chief place, and to use his parliamentary position to establish himself as leader of the nation.
It would have been well if Kossuth had had something more of Gdrgei's calculated ruthlessness, for, as has been truly said, the revolutionary power he had seized could only be held by revolutionary means; but he was by nature soft-hearted and always merciful; though often audacious, he lacked decision in dealing with men.
He was in fact a typical representative of the unscrupulous selfseeking Polish magnates of the th century who were always ready to sacrifice everything, their country included, to their own private ambition.
The Church has always exercised a dominating influence in this region, and the city has many churches and religious establishments.

