
Riley, who finds that the young larva, hatched from the egg laid on the pod, has three pairs of legs, and that these are lost after the moult that occurs when the grub has bored its way into the seed.
It was more than because he was bored, and she knew very well what he could do if he wanted to.
Instead he tried and discarded a who-done-it and then attempted a conversation with Mrs. Lincoln, but she seemed more interested in sleeping than lis­tening to a bored detective.
The test bar C C, which slides through holes bored in the yoke, is divided near the middle into two parts, the ends which come into contact being faced true and square.
I wasn't expecting an evening of poetry at this late night revue, but I became bored by the tastelessness of it.
By changing it up, you're not only decreasing your chances of getting bored, but you're also increasing the effectiveness of your workout.
For those who tried the South Beach Diet but grew bored with the selection of foods to eat, the good news is the new diet offers an expanded South Beach Diet menu for what can and cannot be eaten in phases  and .
Not only is bringing variation into your workout program good for your heart, but it also helps those who get bored easily to enjoy the workout more.
In ,  and  laws were passed to prevent the introduction of Quakers into Massachusetts, and it was enacted that on the first conviction one ear should be cut off, on the second the remaining ear, and that on the third conviction the tongue should be bored with a hot iron.
Evidences of petroleum were discovered long ago, in the very field where in recent years the Beaumont and Vinton wells were bored.
A large number of holes must be bored to obtain, even approximately, the average thickness and value of the ore and the shape and size of the ore bodies.
At Wheal Cock near St Just in Cornwall the protecting roof was so thin that holes bored for blasting more than once penetrated to the bed of the ocean, and wooden plugs were kept on hand to drive into such holes when this occurred.
The fosse is laid out in vegetable gardens; public gardens have been constructed outside the walls; and artesian wells have been bored by the government.
Thousands of artesian wells have been bored, the region between Los Angeles, Santa Clara and San Bernardino being one of the most important artesian well regions of the world.
Old trees are selected, from the bark of which it is observed to ooze in the early summer; holes are bored in the trunk, somewhat inclined upward towards the centre of the stem, in which, between the layers of wood, the turpentine is said to collect in small lacunae; wooden gutters placed in these holes convey the viscous fluid into little wooden pails hung on the end of each gutter; the secretion flows slowly all through the summer months, and a tree in proper condition yields from  to  Ib a year, and will continue to give an annual supply for thirty or forty years, being, however, rendered quite useless for timber by subjection to this process.
Measured on the Euphrates, this would be from the place where the river, having bored its way through the rocks, issues on to the high plain a little above Samsat (Samosata) only   ft.
The upper plate PP is bored centrally to receive a parallel or conical pillar which supports the lower circle of the theodolite or the arm of the level which carries the telescope.
He bored a hole in his shutters that he might see Godiva pass, and is said to have been struck blind.
Bows are made of it by the union of two pieces with many bands; and, the septa being bored out and the lengths joined together, it is employed, as we use leaden pipes, in transmitting water to reservoirs or gardens.
When young,George was handsome and polished but it would seem he was bored with his life and quickly degenerated into a grossly fat debauchee.
The neurones firing in response to the clock ticking have effectively become " bored " and the sound slips below conscious awareness.
Evgeny Onegin becomes bored with St. Petersburg society and moves to the estate of his recently deceased uncle, in the country.
From the first her society bored Peter unspeakably, and, after the birth of their second short-lived son Alexander, on the rd of October , he practically deserted her.
I was n't expecting an evening of poetry at this late night revue, but I became bored by the tastelessness of it.
On the upside at least you do n't have to spend a couple of hours being bored senseless by me.
A traditional shower is fine if you're into tradition, but some of your single friends will probably be pretty bored by all the baby talk.
While it is true that a toddler's attention span is shorter than an adult's or a school age child's attention span, many children lose interest in toys not because they are bored but because they are frustrated.
Summertime doesn't need to be a season of guilt for mothers who fear that their toddlers will be bored or under-stimulated.
One advantage to the basic telescope is that if the person using telescope gets bored with it, then you haven't wasted a lot of money.
Larger bored instruments are more difficult to play, but produce a much more powerful sound than those with smaller bores.
You can also easily move the bed from one sill to the next, so your cat will never be bored with the view.
If you have a cat that just seems bored with his old toys and needs something new and exciting to spark his interest, give interactive cat toys a try.
Moreover, it is generally best to buy the most complex tower available and within your budget so that your cat will not become bored.
It's widely available, so consider picking up a copy at a local library or bookstore and introducing it to an especially bored child you know.
Being sixteen and easily wounded, I just figured she was bored with the show and trying to hurry me along.
They are fun and easy to use, and when you get bored with the placement of a particular accessory, chances are you can move it to another area of your home, and it will work just as well there.
If you or your child gets bored from doing this on the computer, you can print out the line drawing and the color the picture with your own materials.
The next time your elementary-school-aged daughter says she is bored, why not let her enjoy some time playing Bratz games online?
The one perk is that they can be taken with you, so when you get bored you can always pull them out to pass the time.
The first was that more serious photographers were getting bored and wanted to have more control over their images and lenses again.
Most people have the best intentions when they begin a diet, but eventually they will become bored because it is hard to avoid certain foods.
On April Fool's Day, or just a day when you are bored, you can play pranks on friends to entertain yourself at their expense.
When you have a summer job, you're less likely to get bored or spend hours in front of the TV, you'll have some spending money, and your parents will be proud of you.
The Internet is a great resource for teenagers who want ideas for ways to have teen fun, and it can help to entertain you if you are bored and cannot find an activity that you would like to do.
Having blocks of idle time on their hands can make addicts feel bored and stressed, and this can lead to the urge to use again.
Ray J told Tyra Banks on her talk show that the tape was created because they were "bored" and decided to do it for fun.
Even if everything about your chosen school looks perfect on paper, if you feel stifled, pressured, or bored when you're actually in the program, it won't be a positive experience.
Many dogs will chew things when they are bored or do not get enough exercise, while others will gnaw on things to relieve stress.
A recent survey conducted in Britain found that a number of respondents planned to keep on working because they had concerns about becoming bored if they retired.
With that said, some game codes can really transform a game that you're bored with into an entirely new and exciting experience.
Once you run out of things to do, or find you are getting bored, just download one of the free custom add-ons and start enjoying Sims  all over again.
Many people that play either Sims  or Sims  quickly become bored with the standard game play that makes up the virtual game.
After a while, the super-shiny coat of polish EA has given Black will wear off, and you'll find yourself bored with just another mediocre first person shooter.
Sometimes when I get bored, I walk over behind the grocery store next to my house and kick down stacks of empty boxes.
You can even download new games from wherever you are, so if you are bored it can be the ideal solution to keep you occupied.
Some fans may like Chaos Field's unique take on the shooter, while others will find themselves getting bored by the repetition of battling the exact same handful of foes over and over and over again.
Before too long, most gamers will either get bored or frustrated to the point where it simply isn't that much fun to play anymore.
Kids, Disney fans, and D-platformer lovers (that's me) are sure to enjoy this game, but hardcore gamers may find no challenge in Chicken Little or will just be bored.
With changing technology and tastes of the consumer gamer industry, you will never get bored or be out of work.
Another thing you can count on is that a lot of people get bored of games quickly, and this is when you can cash in.
One good feature is to see workouts that you can use at home in case you are getting bored with your own or can't find enough variety in the game itself.
Since there is no set structure, it is very possible that you will be bored after a couple of hours.
The multiplayer cheats, especially, tend to be built by bored hackers who have nothing better to do with their lives than annoy other gamers.
A few months after release, they often "leak" or outright publicize cheats for their game that offer incentives bored gamers to return to the game for things they'd missed on the first playthrough.
When you don't particularly feel like being productive, there really is no harm in finding some games to play when bored.
It's a matter of personal preference as to what games are actually the best to play when bored, but these time-killers typically satisfy the same basic criteria.
Many role playing games involve too much of a time commitment to really fall into the "games to play when bored" categorization.
And since there's hardly any variety to the enemy, you might get bored fighting the same bad guy with the same assault rifle over and over again.
If you get bored, you can get on over to West Coast custom to trick out your car, but you don't have control over what's being done.
He had tried to teach her to play the piano many times through the years, but she always became bored within a week or so of practice and gave up.
There was no telling by the blank stares on their faces if they were shocked, disappointed or just plain bored.
Ewing (Magnetic Induction, § ) has devised an arrangement in which two similar test bars are placed side by side; each bar is surrounded by a magnetizing coil, the two coils being connected to give opposite directions of magnetization, and each pair of ends is connected by a short massive block of soft iron having holes bored through it to fit the bars, which are clamped in position by set-screws.
From the first her society bored Peter unspeakably, and after the birth of their second, shortlived son Alexander, he practically deserted her.
This derangement being carefully noted, another bore to the outcrop on the same principle is put down for the purpose of proving the seam C; the nature of the strata at first is found to agree with the latter part of that bored through in No.
It consists of a small hydraulic press, which forces a set of expanding bits or wedges into a bore-hole previously bored by a long screw augur or drill, worked by hand, the action of the press being continued until a sufficient strain is obtained to bring down the coal.
The upper plate is bored through the centre and carries a conical pillar, which rotates freely in it and supports a horizontal plate, to the extreme ends of which are attached, by means of capstan screws or otherwise, two vertical supports, on which the telescope, which is constructed to be perpendicular to the vertical axis of the instrument, rests and rotates with it.
But unmistakable traces of much more ancient bored springs appear in Lombardy, in Asia Minor, in Persia, in China, in Egypt, in Algeria, and even in the great desert of Sahara.
The principal sections of this line were named after the ranges they pierced, the chief tunnels being bored through the Tauern, Karawanken and Wochein hills.
The nest of one species, as observed by Robert Owen, is at the end of a hole bored in the bank of a watercourse, and the eggs are pure white and glossy (Ibis, , p. ).
He hated lecturing, and was bored with the importunities of the fanatical preachers; and in  he returned to France, and made his home for the next twenty years with Chastaigner.
The two halves of the nave are secured by bolts or rivets passing through the flanges F, and the pulley is connected to the shaft by a sunk key or by conical keys driven in between the shaft and the boss, which latter is bored to suit.
Ten brass blocks are arranged parallel to or around another brass block, and by means of a plug which fits into holes bored partly out of the common block and partly out of the surrounding blocks, any one of the latter can be connected with the common one.
But a glorious peace was required; it must not be said that "France is bored," as Lamartine had said when the Napoleonic legend began to spread.
Then the word which means "fetched" is confused with the word which means "bored," and gains the sense of "robbed."
Past-Death stepped away from her, admiring her like she was a clay pot kilned in the backyard by a bored goddess.
He speaks in a deep-voiced monotone, but he is not perfunctory in his replies or self-evidently bored, as other players can be.
No aerial acrobats, instead it bored down to the depths of the pool and made several runs up and down stream.
Samples of pollen taken from cores bored from deep peat bogs or lake sediments are stratified, with the earliest part lying deepest.
IÃ¢m always planning an exit, because I have the concentration span of a flea and I get bored after five years.
After you create a Mii, you are able to edit the name, clothes color and facial construction so you won't get bored with the same Mii for a prolonged time.
A way to express his inner creativity in a way that would keep his attention and keep him from getting bored.
With so many things to constantly unlock, it's likely that I could play this game for the next twenty years and never be bored.
You may get all excited about them at first, but you will likely get bored of them after finishing the story once or twice.
Wii Fit tips can help you get the most out of this exercise game so you won't be bored after a couple of days of going through the exercises.
Girls with gender identity disorder are bored by ordinary female pastimes and prefer the rougher types of play typically associated with boys, such as contact sports.
A child restricted to a bed with a traction device may become frustrated and bored, and perhaps even depressed, irritable, and withdrawn.
If children are bored with a toy because it is not stimulating enough or they have played with it too long, they may begin to use the toy in an unsafe way.
The dance eventually got its high-class reputation when noblemen, bored with the typical balls and tired old dances, began to sneak away to their servants' parties.
Practice coming up with combinations so that your partner never gets bored with the steps that both of you know.
You can pull out bangs or wear them back if you're bored of them and you can twist up your loose hair behind or let it hang.
If you're bored with traditional hair fashions, it may be time to take things up a notch with a cute and funky new look.
On the other hand, if you are the type of woman that can spend hours in the cosmetics aisle of your local drugstore without becoming bored, you may do well with a hairstyle that is a bit more high maintenance.
So, if you're tired of orthodox one piece swimsuits, bored with the cavalcade of bikinis, and you find traditional tankinis a fashion yawn, then you can show a little skin by purchasing an apron-style tankini!
If you get bored, you can take it off and, keeping the folds, tie it around your hat's crown to liven things up while you go for a wade or stroll.
Slings are truly scant swimsuits, so they won't be for everyone, but if you are bored with conventional bikinis and long for a bit of novelty, this is a style that can successfully fit the bill.
If you visit the cities frequently, then you may be able to snag items inexpensively that city-dwellers have become bored with while still managing to be on-trend for your own area.
The action-oriented nature of the game make it a great game to play when you or your kids are bored.
Each game takes about two hours to play, so it's a great game to get kids and adults out of their "I'm Bored!" rut.
Playing a few free card games is an excellent way to occupy some spare time when you're bored, and it's a great icebreaker at parties.
If you're bored with the default piece and board style, which is Frosted Glass for the pieces and Marble for the board material, change them to your preference.
Sometimes children of all ages get bored with decorating the Christmas tree, so why not make it a little bit more interesting by playing a few games.
What guarantee do you have that when she becomes bored in your relationship she won't seek a thrill and excitement with some other guy or even her old boyfriend (he being the one she lives with now)?
You don't want to send many saying the same thing because your partner will start to get bored and annoyed.
This article is for all of the men out there that don't think there is such a thing as bored cheating housewives.
As in real life, if you're hanging out with someone who just wants to talk cars and all you care about is music, you will quickly grow bored with each other.
There is a perception that cheating housewives are just bored and looking for more excitement, but there are deeper reasons for being unfaithful.
One legend has it that the Jade King was bored in heaven and asked his servant to gather up twelve animals from the earth so that he could see them.
If your heart belongs to a man ruled by Mars, there are a few things you can do to get him interested and keep this active sign from becoming bored.
As long as you can keep the level of intrigue and excitement going, Gemini will remain fascinated and won't grow bored.
They grow bored quickly and feel that their life has become stagnant, and regardless of the love they may feel for their cherished partner, a part of their soul feels dead.
Parents often spend a good chunk of money on brand new games for their children only to find that the kids become bored after playing them a handful of times.
One of the most common phrases that mothers around the world hear from their kids, especially when school is closed for a vacation is, "Mom, I'm bored."
This means that each week you post new jobs, rotating the duties from one child to another, so that your kids don't get bored doing the same jobs, week by week.
You can rest assured that it's impossible to become bored, and chances are they won't have time to get homesick.
Activities are abundant, and campers choose their own activities every three days--so rest assured your children will never be bored.
LoveToKnow is here to help with resources for entertainment and education to keep your children amused, productive and not uttering the dreaded phrase, "I'm bored."
It means that he may beg you for a game - may feel that his entire future happiness depends on getting that game - and then when he gets it, he tries it for five minutes before becoming bored.
With so many different types of activities available, parents should not have to hear the words "I'm bored" from their kids.
There are so many styles, you'll never get bored with them and again, that means flip flops accessorize all types of clothing nicely.
Not to be deterred, Greenlee worked actively to sabotage their relationship, eventually destroying the couple before growing bored with Scott and moving on to new conquests.
When she and brother Michael would get bored, they would steal golf cars and race around the Universal back lots.
When you choose temporary tattoos, you always have the option to wear a fresh design and avoid becoming bored with your ink.
The Big Apple has something for everyone and you will never have to worry about your kids complaining about being bored.
It doesn't take long for them to get bored, and when that happens, here are some ideas you can try.
There are so many opportunities for crafting that come around the holidays; you could actually spend all year crafting for Christmas and never get bored or run out of things to do.
If you are fresh out of ideas to brighten the faces of bored children on a rainy day, perhaps the answer to your dilemma is right in your kitchen cabinet-paper plate crafts.
A lot of people avoid drinking water because they think it tastes too "plain" or they get bored with drinking the same thing all the time.
These menus provide the opportunity for variety so you don't get bored with the same foods day in and day out.
A varied diet is also easier to stick with because it lessens the chance of becoming bored with food choices.
If you are bored with your current exercise routine and are looking for different cardio workouts, then you have come to the right place.
Biking too fast can make you tired or bored quickly, but biking slowly with a lot of resistance can fatigue your muscles and make you feel that the workout is impossible, which will also result in you quitting early.
If possible, you can place the machine in front of a window or the TV so you won't get bored while adding up the miles.
What Mellinger found was that the soldiers were just plain bored of the bland white undergarments and wished to see them in something a little more naughty.
If you're dealing with a lot of easily bored teenagers, especially those who are mortified when their parents start getting silly, you'll have to construct some clever games to keep them on their toes and, hopefully, interested.
In the  silver screen version, noted thespian Alan Rickman (Professor Snape, Harry Potter) voiced the bored, depressed robot with a dry, desultory tone that conveyed his distinct unhappiness with the universe.
In the ancient world of Holidays, he was getting bored with skeletons, ghouls, goblins and everything else that encompasses Halloween.
Bored, restless, fearful, she retreated to the back of the cave, searching it again for any sort of door or anything that might aid her escape.
Did he suspect she was getting bored, or did he assume she would be interested in them because of her profession?
Musset, though he depended on her exertions, was first bored and then irritated at the sight of this terrible vache a ecrire, whose pen was going for eight hours a day, and sought diversion in the cafés and other less reputable resorts of pleasure.
You could tell how bored they were because they got out a jigsaw, which to my mind is the sign of extreme boredom.
If you're bored, training mode allows you to move all of the balls around, and you can try to set up some cool trick shots.
Fortunately, after a week or two, the public grew bored with the subject and it slipped away like a bear in winter.
The nickname of "gentle shepherd" was given him because he bored the House by asking over and over again, during the debate on the Cider Bill of , that somebody should tell him "where" to lay the new tax if it was not to be put on cider.
Everything about him, from his weary, bored expression to his quiet, measured step, offered a most striking contrast to his quiet, little wife.
This time, Daniel Brennan was not available to inform us and it was just my bored web surfing that spotted the notice.
Even the usually bored Dawkinses ooh-ed and aah-ed appropriately but the brothers seemed more interested in the locale of the various shots than the scenery and flora so beautifully presented.
The two detectives entered the office, and the clerk, a bored and balding retiree, looked up from a crossword puzzle and, recogniz­ing Hunter, frowned.
Deep down inside, a voice suggested that he was getting bored with her and wanted to be a salesman again.
When they first met, she had assumed he would be bored without the luxuries she assumed he was accustomed to.
On Ascension Day  he committed an outrage on the sacrament carried in procession; he was placed in the pillory, had his tongue bored, and was banished from Delft for three years.
The chairs on the British system weigh about  or  lb each on important lines, though they may be less where the traffic is light, and are fixed to the sleepers each by two, three or four fastenings, either screw spikes, or round drift bolts entered in holes previously bored, or fang bolts or wooden trenails.
As the water is shut off before the portion of the well below the water-bearing strata is bored the remainder of the drilling is conducted with only sufficient water in the well to admit of sand-pumping.
