
Please tell the brave sailors, who have charge of the HELEN KELLER, that little Helen who stays at home will often think of them with loving thoughts.
From this you will see that you have a perfect right to reassure the inhabitants of Smolensk, for those defended by two such brave armies may feel assured of victory.
After the affair at Ostrovna he was brought into notice, received command of an hussar battalion, and when a brave officer was needed he was chosen.
It's a shame for a soldier to steal; a soldier must be honest, honorable, and brave, but if he robs his fellows there is no honor in him, he's a scoundrel.
Ully cursed as he moved to seek cover from the downpour.  Safe beneath his jungle roof, Toby watched him.  The brave, cheerful Ully that sat with him in Hell seemed lost in the underworld, and Toby began to suspect there was another reason their jailer, Jared, had freed them.
The son and successor of Agesilaus II., reigned - B.C. During his father's later years he proved himself a brave and capable officer.
The Persians of Cyrus were a vigorous race of husbandmen, living in a healthy climate, accustomed to hardship, brave and upright.
The wish was gratified at the risk of the lives of three brave men, and he recognized the solemnity of the occasion by pouring out the water as an offering unto Yahweh.
But never mind; be brave, my friends, and I will go and tell our masters where you are, and get them to come to your rescue.
Apotheosis can mean nothing to those who hold that a man may be reborn as a god, but still needs redemption, and that men on earth may win redemption, if they are brave enough.
Though some skeptics smiled when told of Berg's merits, it could not be denied that he was a painstaking and brave officer, on excellent terms with his superiors, and a moral young man with a brilliant career before him and an assured position in society.
Oh, my brave, kind friends, and he leaned his head against the shoulder of one of the men like a child.
Young, brave and handsome, he won the love and devotion of his people, and guided them through the long years of storm and stress with wisdom and ability.
She used to talk of Annie all the time, tell us how brave her sister was, how she and the Reverend administered to the sick, and those women.
His mind was as well cultivated as his bodily powers; he wrote well, and his observations are generally acute and accurate; he was brave, kindly and generous.
Their mental and social standard is high among Pacific peoples; they are simple, honourable, generous and hospitable, but brave fighters.
Coming out onto a field under the enemy's fire, this brave general went straight ahead, leading his men under fire, without considering in his agitation whether going into action now, with a single division, would be of any use or no.
Whichever side you walk in the woods the partridge bursts away on whirring wings, jarring the snow from the dry leaves and twigs on high, which comes sifting down in the sunbeams like golden dust, for this brave bird is not to be scared by winter.
When the narratives describe the life of the young David at the court of the first king of the northern kingdom, when the scenes cover the district which he took with the sword, and when the brave Saul is represented in an unfavourable light, one must allow for the popular tendency to idealize great figures, and for the Judaean origin of the compilation.
In order to take possession of his new see, he had to brave the wrath of the duke of Burgundy, override the resistance of the clergy and bourgeoisie, and even withstand an armed attack on the part of several lords; but his protector, the duke of Orleans, had his investiture performed by Wenceslaus, king of the Romans.
He is the great sportsman, the incomparable archer, the lover of the greenwood and of a free life, brave, adventurous, jocular, open-handed, a protector of women.
The siege, which was then raised, is further commemorated by a monument to the brave defence of the brothers Peter and Hans Kolbjornsen.
Brave enough personally, as soldiers they were distinctly inferior both to the Janissaries and the Hussites, with both of whom Matthias had constantly to contend.
Basil was a brave soldier and a superb horseman; he was to prove himself a strong ruler and an able general.
When you told me you were a vampire I was wracked with guilt, you were so brave and I am such a coward.
The brave airman was a  year old Halifax navigator with ' B ' Flight with  Squadron whose motto was Silent We Strike!
George was not simply a fine goalkeeper, an imposing figure between the sticks and a great club man he was also exceptionally brave.
When I find my work particularly difficult and discouraging, she writes me letters that make me feel glad and brave; for she is one of those from whom we learn that one painful duty fulfilled makes the next plainer and easier.
Sweet Rebecca, with her strong, brave spirit, and her pure, generous nature, was the only character which thoroughly won my admiration.
Would a college at Havana not be the noblest and most enduring monument that could be raised to the brave men of the "Maine," as well as a source of infinite good to all concerned?
When she was told of the surrender of the brave little people, her face clouded and she was silent a few minutes.
As twenty years before, it seemed impossible that the little creature who lived somewhere under her heart would ever cry, suck her breast, and begin to speak, so now she could not believe that that little creature could be this strong, brave man, this model son and officer that, judging by this letter, he now was.
Although only % of online dating participants will admit to having below average looks, only % are typically brave enough to post a photo.
The plague of , carried hither from London, almost depopulated this village, and the name of the rector, William Mompesson, attracted wide notice on account of his brave attempts to combat the outbreak.
Spanish levies, numbering nearly ioo, regulars and militia, brave and enthusiastic, but without organization, sufficient training, or a commander-in-chief, had collected together; , being in Andalusia, a similar number in Galicia, and others in Valencia and Estremadura, but few in the central portion of Spain.
In  he was succeeded by his son Earl Richard, a brave and chivalrous warrior, who defeated Owen Glendower, fought the Percys at Shrewsbury, and, after travelling in state through Europe and the Holy Land, was employed against the Lollards and afterwards as lay ambassador from England to the council of Constance ().
A brave general Uguccione and an ambitious man, he captured Lucca and defeated the Florentines and their allies from Naples at Montecatini in , but the following year he lost both Pisa and Lucca and had to fly from Tuscany.
He was well versed in state affairs and loyal to those who advised and served him, personally brave, humane and kindly when not maddened by passion, active and energetic, and always a man of his word.
There were doubtless poets before Homer, as well as brave men before Agamemnon; and indeed the formation of a poetical dialect such as the Homeric must have been the work of several generations.
A brave counter-attack was made by the Russian Vladimir regiment,  strong, against the troops which had stormed the great battery, and for want of support the British were driven out again.
No other mention has been found in any of the numerous Swiss or Austrian chronicles till we come to the book De Helvetiae origine, written in  by Rudolph Gwalther (Zwingli's son-in-law), when the hero is still nameless, being compared to Decius or Codrus, but is said to have been killed by his brave act.
His terrified, brave little Oracle was entrancing, the shimmer that caught his attention when they met much stronger with their bond.
Marvel as they brave a thunderstorm for your listening pleasure, and laugh as they run out of things to say at the end.
Two brave volunteers donned waders and walked the whole perimeter of the pond and dragged out all the debris from the pond.
More Fun Day Pictures Click Here Wednesday  June and DIVA members brave the weather and visit Nostell for a paint and picnic event.
Accordingly Cromwell the same day refused the crown definitely, greatly to the astonishment both of his followers and his enemies, who considered his decision a fatal neglect of an opportunity of commend him, what brave things he did, and made all the neighbour princes fear him."
According to Clarendon he was "a brave bad man," with "all the wickedness against which damnation is pronounced and for which hell fire is prepared."
His judgment of men and things was keen, lucid and masculine, and he was alike prompt in decision and brave in action."
Though the signory still made a brave show upon occasions of parade, it was clear that the state was rotten to the core, ahd sinking into the decrepitude of dotage.
Finally the mountain valley, with its patches of cultivable soil on the alluvial fans of tributary torrents, its narrow pastures on the uplands only left clear of snow in summer, its intensified extremes of climates and its isolation, almost equal to that of an island, has in all countries produced a special type of brave and hardy people, whose utmost effort may bring them comfort, but not wealth, by honest toil, who know little of the outer world, and to whom the natural outlet for ambition is marauding on the fertile plains.
Brave and sage as he was, he could hardly cope at one and the same time with the hostility of the Normans on the west, of the Petchenegs (Patzinaks) on the north, and of the Seljuks on the east and south.
But while Nanak had substituted holiness of life for vain ceremonial, Guru Govind Singh demanded in addition brave deeds and zealous devotion to the Sikh cause as proof of faith; and while he retained his predecessors' attitude towards the Hindu gods and worship he preached undying hatred to the persecutors of his religion.
Among less important, but still conspicuous, figures may be mentioned Kay (the Kai of the Mabinogion), Arthur's foster-brother and sensechal, the type of the bluff and boastful warrior, and Bedivere (Bedwyr), the type of brave knight and faithful retainer, who alone is with Arthur at his passing, and afterwards becomes " a hermit and a holy man."
Let our lakes receive as true names at least as the Icarian Sea, where "still the shore" a "brave attempt resounds."
Although an adventurous bride might be willing to brave an outdoor chapel for her winter marriage ceremony, there are many ways to transform your wedding into a winter wonderland indoors.
As Poggio Bracciolini writes, "none of the Stoics with so constant and brave a soul endured death, which he (Jerome) seemed rather to long for."
Ali proved himself to be a brave and faithful soldier, and when Mahomet died without male issue, a few emigrants thought him to have the best claim to succeed him.
Five years later (October , ) he won his greatest victory at Tergoviste, when with a small well-disciplined army he routed Michael the Brave, hospodar of Walachia and Moldavia.
As a soldier he was very brave, but he did not show great qualities as a military leader in the campaign of .
She was a brave witch; she never blenched at the stake, which was proof enough of her compact with the Devil.
There are some very brave women out there, fighting in their own way to enable women to birth how they want to.
His queen took pity on them, and asked if the brave burghers could also be spared if the town surrendered.
His son Claus, the th generation, made the brave leap into freedom from war captivity described at the beginning of the story.
Will and I then set off to brave the Fierce Ladies, storm clouds gathered and a deluge poured down upon the mountains.
That's the end of Bingham's brave challenge as Ebdon has dominated frame ten for a - victory and a thoroughly convincing performance.
The second part enters upon the history of the crusade itself, and tells how Joinville pledged all his land save so much as would bring in a thousand livres a year, and started with a brave retinue of nine knights (two of whom besides himself wore bannerets), and shared a ship with the sire d'Aspremont, leaving Joinville without raising his eyes,"pour ce que le cuer ne me attendrisist du biau chastel que je lessoie et de mes deux enfans"; how they could not get out of sight of a high mountainous island (Lampedusa or Pantellaria) till they had made a procession round the masts in honour of the Virgin; how they reached first Cyprus and then Egypt; how they took Damietta, and then entangled themselves in the Delta.
My teacher says, if children learn to be patient and gentle while they are little, that when they grow to be young ladies and gentlemen they will not forget to be kind and loving and brave.
Upon reaching land, the Pope went into raptures about the rescue and said I give you my blessing for your brave actions.
Four separate assaults were repulsed by the brave defenders, two of which were made by the Naval Brigade under Commander Mayne.
I get brave enough to shimmy down to the beginning of Mick 's perch and crouch down to watch him.
For women who want to brave skimpier swimwear, an attractive variety of over  unique styles of bikinis is also available, many designed exclusively for Victoria's.
It's that time of the season when there are great sales on high-quality items if you're willing to brave the crowd of holiday shoppers.
At the Shark Reef Aquarium, you can learn more about sharks and other aquatic life, and if you are brave enough, you can even dive with the sharks.
If you're feeling brave, take a brush with a firm tip or a sponge-tipped applicator and apply the darkest color under your bottom lashes.
Tails may appear meek and timid at times, but when it comes to helping Sonic he becomes brave and his self-esteem is boosted.
Now that you've decided to upgrade to a digital camera, it's time to brave the unknown and get ready to shop.
It's difficult to decide whether she is brave for soldiering on to ensure that she and her children are well provided for or in deep denial about the possible mental and emotional damage on her children as a result of all of these shows.
Compiling a list of the  best male actors seems like a daunting task, but there are a few brave souls who have done just that and posted their results online.
It might be better to save these for your next growing season, unless you are just particularly brave and adventuresome.
Snow driving safety tips can help all motorists brave winter roads with confidence and security, well prepared for winter hazards while driving.
You may also want to purchase a pair for one of our brave men and women serving in the armed services.
There was a moment of realization as he understood her brave actions, and then a snap as the line let loose and he tumbled backwards like some mortally wounded game bird shot from the sky, arms outstretched, scream muffled in his mask.
Wallace is of the opinion that the Australians " are really of Caucasian type and are more nearly allied to ourselves than to the civilized Japanese or the brave and intelligent Zulus."
Greatest among modern Asiatic explorers (if we except Prjevalsky) is the brave Swede, Professor Sven Hedin, whose travels through the deserts of Takla Makan and Tibet, and whose investigations in the glacial regions of the Sarikol mountains, occupied him from  to .
Meanwhile, in the Farther East so rapid has been the progress of geographical research since the first beginnings of investigation into the route connexion between Burma and China in  (when the brave Augustus Margary lost his life), that a gradually increasing tide of exploration, setting from east to west and back again, has culminated in a flood of inquiring experts intent on economic and commercial development in China, essaying to unlock those doors to trade which are hereafter to be propped open for the benefit of humanity.
After imposing these harsh terms on his enemy, the conqueror might naturally have shown clemency to the Tirolese leader, Andreas Hofer; but that brave mountaineer, when betrayed by a friend, was sentenced to death at Mantua owing to the arrival of a special message to that effect from Napoleon.
Being thus the sovereign of an empire, he, again like Jenghiz Khan, adopted for himself the title of Ying-ming, " Brave and Illustrious," and took for his reign the title of Tien-ming.
In  Kala`un took Tripoli, and the county of Tripoli was extinguished; in  he died while preparing to besiege Acre, which was captured after a brave defence by his son and successor Khalil in .
The inhabitants are a brave and warlike race of mountaineers, and aided by the natural strength of their countr y they have hitherto preserved their independence.
Of Shah Jahan's four sons, the eldest, Dara, a brave and honourable prince, but disliked by the Mussulmans on account of his liberality of thought, had a natural right to the throne.
In the following year the Incas made a brave attempt to expel the invaders, and closely besieged the Spaniards in Cuzco during February and March.
The most prominent members of the family were Mircea (-), who accepted Turkish suzerainty; Neagoe, the founder of the famous cathedral at Curtea de Argesh; Michael, surnamed the Brave (-); and Petru Cercel, famous for his profound learning, who spoke twelve languages and carried on friendly correspondence with the greater scholars and poets of Italy.
Thus it is certain that Darnley had reported to Crawford his brave words and reproaches of Mary, which Crawford gives in the proper place.
Here is proof positive that Crawford does not copy Letter but gives Darnley's words as reported to him by Darnley - words that Darnley was proud of, - while Mary, returning on the second day of writing to the topic, does not quote Darnley's brave words, but merely contrasts his speaking "very bravely at the beginning" with his pitiful and craven later submission; "he has ever the tear in his eye," with what follows.
But his whole reign is a time of continuous decay; the original force of the Persians had been exhausted in luxury and intrigues, and the king, though personally brave and good-natured, was quite dependent upon his favourites and his harem, and especially upon his mother Parysatis.
He fought a brave fight, checked von Spee in his onward career, and he and his men take their place in the great roll of naval heroes.
The want of water made it impossible to maintain a large force near the city, and the brave Arabs routed the Roman cavalry.
But in spite of his brave words he fled in haste from Rome as soon as he heard of Caesar's advance, and crossed over to Greece.
All this time the Normans had not ceased ravaging the country; a brave man was needed to defend it, and finally towards , Charles the Bald entrusted it to Robert the Strong, but he unfortunately met with his death in  in a battle against the Normans at Brissarthe.
Persecution was revived by the Guises; Du Bourg, the brave defender of the Protestants, was burned as a heretic; yet Calvin could in the closing years of his life form a cheerful estimate that some three hundred thousand of his countrymen had been won over to his views.
Not a few of the leaders, notably Samuel de Champlain, who founded Quebec in , were brave ingenious men, but the population provided no basis for a lasting colony.
Achilles is a typical Greek hero; handsome, brave, celebrated for his fleetness of foot, prone to excess of wrath and grief, at the same time he is compassionate, hospitable, full of affection for his mother and respect for the gods.
The native tribes, brave, intelligent and fairly well armed, tried, by means of a league against land-selling and the election of a king, to retain their hold over at least the central North Island.
The Japanese th and st divisions were now Fall advancing on the western main line; the soul of the Part, defence, the brave and capable General Kondratenko, Arthur had been killed on the th of December, and though the Japanese seem to have anticipated a further stand,' Stessel surrendered on the nd of January , with , effective and slightly wounded and , wounded and sick men, the remnant of his original ,.
Entirely on her own initiative, and moved by admiration for the fine achievements of "her brave Irish" during the war, the queen announced her intention of paying a long visit to Dublin; and there, accordingly, she went for the month of April , staying in the Viceregal Lodge, receiving many of the leaders of Irish society, inspecting some , school children from all parts of Ireland, and taking many a drive amid the charming scenery of the neighbourhood of Dublin.
This gave him a new social status, and being at the same time a popular favourite and a brave, energetic soldier, he was in  elected praetor, in which capacity he effected the subjugation of the troublesome province of Further Spain.
In spite of his small stature, he held his own amongst the other heroes before Troy; he was brave, next to Achilles in swiftness of foot and famous for throwing the spear.
He was far-seeing in arranging all his actions, pleasant and merry all with men; strong and brave, and furious in battle."
To save himself he hit upon the novel and terrible expedient of uniting the Tatars and the Cossacks Cossack in a determined onslaught upon the Republic, whose Rebellion of inward weakness, despite its brave outward show, .
Unlike the people of other Slavonic countries, the Poles are comparatively poor in popular and legendary poetry, but such compositions undoubtedly existed in early times, as may be seen by the writings of their chroniclers; thus Gallus translated into Latin a poem written on Boleslaus the Brave, and a few old Polish songs are included in Wojcicki's Library of Ancient Writers.
He began his labours with The Age of Casimir the Great (), and Boleslaw the Brave (), following these with Jadwiga and Jagiello, in three volumes (-) - a work which Spasovich, in his Russian History of Slavonic Literature, compares in vigour of style and fullness of colour with Macaulay's History of England and Thierry's Norman Conquest.
Comnenus to the throne in ; he is also noted for his brave defence of Durazzo against the Normans in that year.
Mahmud's failure at Ajmere, when the brave raja Bisal-deo, obliged him to raise the siege but was himself slain, was when the Moslem army was on its way to Somnath.
In  he commanded the great expedition against Tunis, which, in spite of the brave defence by the Spanish and Italian garrison, was added to the Ottoman empire.
Otto, who is sometimes called the "Red," was a man of small stature, by nature brave and impulsive, and by training an accomplished knight.
His minority, -, was an alternation of palace revolutions and civil wars, in the course of which his brave Kumanian mother Elizabeth barely contrived to keep the upper hand.
Carriers could scarcely be obtained, there were no local food supplies, the rainy season was at its height, all the roads were deep mire, the bush was almost impenetrable, and the enemy were both brave and cunning, fighting behind concealed stockades.
A brave officer and an able diplomat, Ayala was one of the most cultivated Spaniards of his time, at once historian, translator and poet.
By diplomacy, which, although he was a capable and brave soldier, he preferred to war, he succeeded in freeing his country, and converting it from a ruined and divided land into a respectable independent power of the second rank, and, after Venice, the best-governed state in Italy.
Tacitus describes him as brave in action, ready of speech, clever at bringing others into odium, powerful in times of civil war and rebellion, greedy, extravagant, in peace a bad citizen, in war an ally not to be despised.
The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here have consecrated it far above our poor power to add or detract.
The temper of William, in contradistinction to that of his brother, was pre-eminently practical; and he had the reputation of a brave, piously orthodox Prussian soldier.
Among the holders of this office were Michael the Brave (-), and several members of the celebrated Bassarab family (q.v.).
The master of the barbarians fell below the lowest Hellenic level when he put the brave Rhegine general Phyton to a lingering death, and in other cases imitated the Carthaginian cruelty of crucifixion.
Conti, who died on the nd of August , inherited literary tastes from his father, was a brave and skilful general, arid a diligent student of military history.
Baker Pashas force was termed constabulary, yet his men were all old soldiers, though new to their gallant leader and to the small band of their brave but strange British officers.
The result was a complete defeat for his army, after which he declined to leave his tent; he was captured after a brave resistance, and taken to Cairo, where he died seven days later.
As a fortified town, Giurgevo figured often in the wars for the conquest of the lower Danube; especially in the struggle of Michael the Brave (-) against the Turks, and in the later Russo-Turkish Wars.
They are the answer to the poet of the nobles who represented the king as having submitted to take a degrading oath at the hands of Ruy Diaz of Bivar (the Cid), in the church of Santa Gadea at Burgos, and as having then persecuted the brave man who defied him.
On the th of February  Comyn with his companions submitted; they hunted Wallace, who had returned from the continent, and on the th of July the brave Oliphant surrendered Stirling on terms of a degrading nature.
Many of them are very brave, and think little of self-sacrifice for others where duty or family honour is concerned.
His Socialism, though it made a brave show at times, was at heart a passionate enthusiasm for an inaccessible artistic ideal.
The king, who is said to have described him as a brave fellow who had no head, promoted him to the rank of brigadier, and then major-general with some reluctance.
The raja was permitted to retire to Benares, and the brave and proud inhabitants of that mountainous little territory decided to place themselves under the rule of the company; so that the only annexation effected by Lord William Bentinck was " in consideration of the unanimous wish of the people."
Ashtar, the brave son of a brave father, who, after the fall of Mokhtar, had become a faithful supporter of Ibn Zobair.
Palmerston, indeed, who did not believe that under the Bourgeois Monarchy France would translate her brave words into action, was in favour of settling the Turco-Egyptian question once for all by depriving Mehemet Ali of Egypt as well.
The precise date and place of his birth, together with details of his early life, are wanting; but in  he assisted his maternal uncle, Count Welf VI., in his attempts to conquer Bavaria, and by his conduct in several local feuds earned the reputation of a brave and skilful warrior.
Their mythology consisted in the deification of the forces of nature, as " Ukko," the god of the air, " Tapio," god of the forests, " Ahti," the god of water, &c. These early Finlanders seem to have been both brave and troublesome to their neighbours, and their repeated attacks on the coast of Sweden drew the attention of the kings of that country.
He was, however, no longer alone; Diaz, Eugene Tourneux, Rousseau, and other men of note supported him by their confidence and friendship, and he had by his side the brave Catherine Lemaire, his second wife, a woman who bore poverty with dignity and gave courage to her husband through the cruel trials in which he penetrated by a terrible personal experience the bitter secrets of the very poor.
Her daughter Adele (-) seems to have had a brave, tender and unsatisfied heart, and lavished on her brother an affection he sorely tried.
Shah Rukh, the fourth son of Timur, reigned for thirty-eight years, and appears to have been a brave, generous, and enlightened monarch.
There is no indigenous literature, but many specimens of poetry exist in which heroes and brave deeds are commemorated, and a good many of these have been collected from time to time.
Brave and kindly, and gifted with a rough telling eloquence, Sertorius was just the man to impress them favourably, and the native militia, which he organized, spoke of him as the "new Hannibal."
In the victory won by the Christians on the banks of the river Salado, near Tarifa, he earned his title of Alphonso the Brave ().
In the Iliad he is described as the prince of augurs and a brave warrior; in the Odyssey he is not mentioned at all.
For some time obscure negotiations had been going on between King Nicholas and Essad, and the brave Hasan Riza Pasha, who had refused to surrender despite the shortage of food, had been assassinated.
He presents himself as an altogether human person, brave enough in the field, and, at least when young, capable of extravagant devotion to an ideal, provided the ideal was fashionable, but having at bottom a sufficient respect for his own skin and a full consciousness of the side on which his bread is buttered.
After the death of Louis, Clement hoped to find equally brave and interested champions in Louis' son and namesake; in Louis of Orleans, the brother of Charles VI.; in Charles VI.
Voivodes were now created and deposed in rapid succession by the Divan, but the victories of Michael the Brave in Walachia infused a more independent spirit into the Moldavians.
Balcescu had undertaken the edition of the ancient Walachian chronicles, and had found in them admirable prose writers, that he ventured on a continuous history (-) of the Rumanians under Michael the Brave, written not as a didactic treatise but as a poem in prose - full of colour and of energy.
His knowledge of the Bible was such that he might have been called a living concordance; and on the margin of his copy of the Book of Martyrs are still legible the ill-spelt lines of doggerel in which he expressed his reverence for the brave sufferers, and his implacable enmity to the mystical Babylon.
Finally, we read the full story in the original draft of Giles Tschudi's chronicle, where the hero is described as "a man of Unterwalden, of the Winkelried family," this being expanded in the final recension of the chronicle () into "a man of Unterwalden, Arnold von Winckelried by name, a brave knight," while he is entered (in the same book, on the authority of the "Anniversary Book" of Stans, now lost) on the list of those who fell at Sempach at the head of the Nidwalden (or Stans) men as "Herr Arnold von Winckelriet, Ritter," this being in the first draft "Arnold Winckelriet."
The elector was a great hunter and a hard drinker, whose brave and dignified bearing in a time of misfortune won for him his surname of Magnanimous, and drew eulogies from Roger Ascham and Melanchthon.
The inhabitants were a brave and warlike people, who paid more attention to cattle-breeding than to agriculture, although it is probable that the Romans, by draining the marshes and cutting down timber, increased the fertility of the soil.
Nature, indeed, cannot relieve men of their duty to be wise and brave, but, in the marvellous configuration of land and sea about Constantinople, nature has done her utmost to enable human skill and courage to establish there the splendid and stable throne of a great empire.
The Strategion, devoted to the military exercises of the brave little town, stood close to Sirkedji Iskelessi, and two artificial harbours, the Portus Prosforianus and the Neorion, indented the shore of the Golden Horn, respectively in front of the ground now occupied by the station of the Chemins de Fer Orientaux and the Stamboul custom-house.
In the churchyard is a monument to Grace Darling (-), the brave rescuer of some of the crew of the ship " Forfarshire " in .
Of the north there are the sagas of Kormak (-), most primitive of all, a tale of a wild poet's love and feuds, containing many notices of the heathen times; of Vatzdeelasaga (-), relating to the settlement and the chief family in Waterdale; of Hallfred the poet (-), narrating his fortune at King Olaf's court, his love affairs in Iceland, and finally his death and burial at Iona; of Reyk -deela (), which preserves the lives of Askell and his son Viga-Skuti; of Svarf-deela (-), a cruel, coarse story of the old days, with some good scenes in it, unfortunately imperfect, chapters I- being forged; of VigaGlum (-), a fine story of a heathen hero, brave, crafty and cruel.
She was brave in the face of difficulties and dangers, pure in her motives, and her utterances, some of which have been quoted, have the true ethical ring about them.
However brave the individual soldiers of such an army might be, the army itself was unreliable against a well-organized and disciplined enemy.
This brave ruler gained a number of victories over the Norsemen, but in true Irish fashion they were never followed up. Although his successor Aed Finnliath (-) gave his daughter in marriage to Amlaib, no better relations were established.
For thirty-four years of increasing warfare this active the Fat and energetic king, this brave and persevering soldier, ( never spared himself, energetically policing the royal ).
To the hanging of the brave garrison of Granson the Swiss responded by terrible reprisals at Granson and at Morat (March to June ); while the people of Lorraine finally routed Charles at Nancy on the th of January , the duke himself falling in the battle.
In disposition the islanders are friendly and hospitable, brave and somewhat bloodthirsty; and, although naturally indolent and morose, they have proved industrious and keen traders.
The idea of caring for her overwhelmed him again.  He'd never had a reason to try to control his power or to focus on anything other than surviving.  That a simple little mortal could show him just how little his Immortal and demon powers really meant humbled him.  If he found his way, it would be because of her.  Her distress and sorrow were, buried but he still saw them.  She was trying to be brave, asking him for one last moment of comfort before what she thought was the end.
He would betray her, and he would kill her, but she suspected even he was not brave enough to cross the king of Landis, whose cruelty was known far and wide.
He had never imagined anything but vengeance would ever stir his blood like the sweet, brave woman before him did!
Without knowing what her ancestors had done, she was the only one strong and brave enough to try to rid Tiyan of its curse.
Scale the climbing wall or work out to aerobics, play five-a-side football, brave the skateboard ramp, orienteer or have a massage.
Then came the foresters in their scarves of Lincoln Green, making up as brave a show of England's defenders could be imagined.
Or you longed to be a brave heroine, but people laughed at you because you were a clumsy, dreamy girl?
Chairman Stephen Holmes and a team of experienced dental and business people became impassioned by the vision of this brave new world.
April  th  Easter was duly observed in Foxearth in spite of  brave lads away from the parish on active service.
I often collect my grandchildren from school and feel frightened taking them across Westbury Lane, even when the brave lollipop lady is there.
Never being one to give up, Simon hit overdrive and after some brave passing maneuvers he ended up a well deserved th.
Was this an extremely brave thing to do in the sense that writers tend to be quite possessive of their work?
I would accept nothing, not even bread rations, from the hands stained with the blood of the brave Kronstadt sailors.
The goal so shadowy seems and dim, Yet plod on through the dark, brave heart, With all thy might and main.
Sublet the problem to this group of brave souls Oh, what brave souls I am going to tell you about.
On the rzth of June Knollys wrote to Cecil at once the best description and the noblest panegyric extant of the queen of Scots - enlarging, with a brave man's sympathy, on her indifference to form and ceremony, her daring grace and openness of manner, her frank display of a great desire to be avenged of her enemies, her readiness to expose herself to all perils in hope of victory, her delight to hear of hardihood and courage, commending by name all her enemies of approved valour, sparing no cowardice in her friends, but above all things athirst for victory by any means at any price, so that for its sake pain and peril seemed pleasant to her, and wealth and all things, if compared with it, contemptible and vile.
The Gurkhas, a brave and warlike little nation, failing to extend their conquests in the direction of China, had begun to encroach on territories held or protected by the East India Company; especially they had seized the districts of Batwal and Seoraj, in the northern part of Oudh, and when called upon to relinquish these, they deliberately elected (April ) to go to war rather than do so.
Some girls might get brave and try permanent color dye, but it's a better idea to use a simple spray-in dye on a few section of your hair.
If your husband's name is Brad, vow to brave any disagreements, reserve your love for him, always make him a priority in your life, and drive away any negative thoughts.
He has acted in several projects, including a Simpsons episode and the semi-autobiographical film Get Rich or Die Tryin', and appeared in the films Home of the Brave, Spectacular Regret, and Righteous Kill.
Even Damien Fahey, host of MTV's TRL stated "If I were a betting man, I would definitely bet she was pregnant," after J-Lo stopped by the wildly popular show to promote her new CD Brave.
For people brave enough to wear what they want to wear and be who they want to be, plus size gothic clothing lets you make a fashion statement that defies the norm.
If are brave enough to attempt coloring at home, start out with a temporary color that washes out after a few shampoos to see if you like the results before going with the permanent formula.
You can transform yourself with a pair of vampire eye contacts and surprise those who are brave enough to look you in the eye.
You'll also have to brave the LA traffic if you drive, which is brutal if you leave in the morning during the commute time.
Its floorless design creates a very unrestricted ride experience, and along the more than , feet of track riders will brave six inversions at speeds up to  miles per hour -- all in just three minutes and twenty seconds.
The feud between those families has been a highlight of the Paddlewheel Excursions riverboat ride for generations, and now riders on Shoot the Rapids will brave the ire of the moonshiners.
It comes from an old Cherokee legend, about a brave Indian who was standing on the mountain as a lookout.
This military gravesite is the burial place for more than , brave soldiers who fought for the freedom Americans have today.
In fact, one of the oldest Chinese legends tells about a brave koi that fought its way upstream to reach the Longmen's Dragon Gate, a series of caves in the mountainside bordering the Yi River.
The page encourages fans to be brave enough to show off their authentic tresses to the world by uploading a photo to the "Tyra Banks Show" website.
Some women find once they go short, they opt for an even shorter style and brave a whole new look.
It's hard to be the first, but a few brave souls started a trend and made it easy for us to follow.
The brave decision to wear this unique type of bikini should be a fun and liberating experience that showcases unbelievable art work and skill.
While losing one's suit is the most common story of swimming shame, some brave souls will admit to having lost control of their bladders in the pool or ocean.
The tonga sheer bikini hides absolutely nothing and is sure to attract a lot of attention for those brave enough to wear one.
It's hard to believe it now, but jeans were obsolete from runways and high end print campaigns in the early 's until a bold little apparel company from down under was brave enough to give it a try.
It takes a daring lady to brave the micro bikini in public, but even modest women can take advantage of the look in other situations.
Not for the faint of heart or for every venue, sheer transparent swimwear is sure to get you noticed if you're brave enough to wear it.
For truly brave souls who have a body to envy, swimming, sunning or playing in tiny swimsuits will guarantee you an audience.
Avatar Neytiri - A beautiful, brave and intelligent member of the Omaticaya clan of the Na'vi, she is the love interest of Jake Sulley and a so-called ambassador between the Na'vi and the humans.
Your cards will not only express your holiday sentiments, they'll remind everyone of the brave soldiers who help preserve freedom throughout the world.
Even if neither of you have gone since you were kids, if you are brave, it could create a lot of laughter and memories.
If you are brave enough to delve into the inner mind of your lover, be prepared to discover a sharp intellect.
The games get goofy with Jo Jo's circus, smart with Little Einsteins', and big and brave with Higgly Town Heroes and Bear in the Big Blue House.
So, they hold their confusion, doubts, and fear within themselves, putting on a brave and almost serene front for their parents.
Renovations are still taking place, and the owners provide two hour guided tours as well as half night and overnight stays for those who are brave enough to give it a try.
Unfortunately, the boyfriend was being a boor, so the young woman decided she'd rather brave a walk home in the cold and dark rather than spend another minute with the lout.
Also, if you're brave enough, you might want to try spending the night, if possible, to see if you can experience any of the paranormal phenomena yourself.
Veterans Day freebies provide a way for companies to show their appreciation to the brave men and women who were willing to serve and sacrifice to protect their country.
The eight eyelet and fourteen eyelet styles tend to be the most popular, although the company also makes a twenty eyelet boot for the very brave!
Finally, replicate Jessica's Daisy Duke style--if you're brave enough--in a tiny pair of denim hotpants paired with those fabulous cork-soled wedges.
However, men brave enough to wear them, despite the discomfort many of them experience, can finally feel the way women have felt for years.
If you're brave enough to cheat and sneak online at work, there are plenty of websites that will update you on what is happening on your favorite shows.
Prior to joining the Desperate Housewives cast as new neighbor Katherine Mayfair, Delaney's most popular role was as a strong, brave Army nurse on the popular primetime program China Beach.
Positive traits include the fact that Geminis are known for their ability to adapt well to different situations, are intelligent and brave, social and lively.
Kids love learning how to waterski and may actually be a bit more brave than their parents when learning this new sport!
If your cheerleaders are really brave and your fans have a good sense of humor, little pig noses can really add to the cheer.
Recently, two of your brave LoveToKnow editors jumped in and gave Medifast a try for a month just so they could report the results to our visitors.
If you're still searching for panties without panty lines when your office-wear is clearly calling for a thong, be brave and make the transition thoughtlessly.
Between pending lawsuits and users leaving in droves to places like Kazaa and LimeWire, WinMX decided to call it quits after a very brave run of things.
Better yet, if you are an older adult that decided to brave the droves of young -somethings and return to college, why not have a celebration for yourself?
For those who live in warmer climates or those crazy enough to brave frigid temperatures and snowstorms, outdoor games offer another option for your Super Bowl party entertainment.
Fahrenheit  () is a tale in the vein of Brave New World and ; a tale of an unpleasant future in which independent thought is suppressed to the point where books are banned and, when discovered, burned.
In that adventure, she learned how important to her was the brave fighting spirit of her Klingon side, and yet she only reincorporated her Klingon nature with great reluctance.
Humans brave enough to enter a fairy mound can listen in on fairy conversations, but they do so at their own risk as it could cost them their lives.
Their families back home stayed behind but some wanted to make a tribute to the brave soldiers who were fighting for our freedom.
In the brave new world of the web, it takes more than just a pretty web page with good content to get noticed by the search engines.
Guy was a brave if not a particularly able knight; and his instant attack on Acre after his release by Saladin shows that he had the sentiment de ses devoirs.
Doppet, the next commander, was little better fitted for the task; but his successor, Dugommier, was a brave and experienced soldier who appreciated the merits of Bonaparte.

