
It was a wonderful, glorious song, and it won the blind poet an immortal crown, the admiration of all ages.
It is glorious to behold this ribbon of water sparkling in the sun, the bare face of the pond full of glee and youth, as if it spoke the joy of the fishes within it, and of the sands on its shore.
Kutuzov alone would not see this and openly expressed his opinion that no fresh war could improve the position or add to the glory of Russia, but could only spoil and lower the glorious position that Russia had gained.
This book is about that future and what it is going to look like—how it will be a place glorious and spectacular beyond our wildest hopes.
The fourth Turkish war (-) was signalized by the glorious victory of Lepanto (), due chiefly to the prowess of the Venetians under their doge Sebastian Venier.
It is also certain that he liked to excite applause in the galleries by some platitude about the "glorious Revolution" or the "Protestant succession."
On returning to France, to the bosom of the great, strong, magnificent, peaceful, and glorious fatherland, I should have proclaimed her frontiers immutable; all future wars purely defensive, all aggrandizement antinational.
A glorious record of their sufferings is to be found in the Diary of Sozzini, the Sienese historian, and in the Commentaries of Blaise de Monluc, the French representative in Siena.
By the terms of the peace England retained possession of New York, but the war, though it contained some passages glorious to her arms, was very disastrous to her commerce.
The date is late, for the writer speaks of the "venerable and holy images," as well as "the glorious and precious crosses and the sacred things of the churches" (xiv.), which points to the th century, when such things were first introduced into churches.
Their enthusiasm and their prophesyings were denounced as demoniacal; their expectation of a glorious earthly kingdom of Christ was stigmatized as Jewish, their passion for martyrdom as vainglorious and their whole conduct as hypocritical.
The bishop of Rome, who had from the first probably enjoyed a leading position in the Church as " the successor of the two most glorious of the apostles," elaborated his claims to be the divinely appointed head of the ecclesiastical organization.
The great concern of the time and the chief practical theme of these chapters is the building of the temple; but its restoration is only the earnest of greater things to follow, viz., the glorious restoration of David's kingdom.
By the midpoint of the twentieth century, America's dreamers were preoccupied with the future—and not just any old future, but the great and glorious future that seemed inevitable.
The truth is that no period in Italian history was less really glorious than that which came to a close in  by Berengar II.s cession of his rights to Otto the Great.
From them, the official guardians of Hungary's safety, he received no help, either during his governorship (-), or when, in , on the eve of his departure for his last and most glorious campaign, the diet commanded a levee en masse of the whole population in his support.
In Bothwell also, "the glorious, rash and hazardous young man," romantic, handsome, charming even in his guilt, Mary gained what she lacked in her husband, a lover.
Unlike the Christians of western Asia, they had a vigorous feeling of national pride, based upon glorious memories and especially upon a church having a connexion of the closest kind with the state.
His reign was one of the most stormy in the annals of Islam, but also one of the most glorious.
Her contemporaries almost unanimously record her excellence and womanly virtues; and by Dean Swift, no mild critic, she is invariably spoken of with respect, and named in his will as of "ever glorious, immortal and truly pious memory, the real nursing-mother of her kingdoms."
Interlaken is much frequented in summer, partly because of the glorious view of the Jungfrau (, ft.) which it commands to the south, and partly because it is the best starting-point for many excursions, as to Schynige Platte, Lauterbrunnen and Grindelwald.
One of Alexander III.'s first acts was to confirm " the constitution which was granted to the grand-duchy of Finland by His Majesty the emperor Alexander Pavlovich of most glorious memory, and developed with the consent of the estates of Finland by our dearly beloved father of blessed memory the emperor Alexander Nicolaievich."
The charge of heathenism we find in Suidas is probable enough; that is to say, Tribonian may well have been a crypto-pagan, like many other eminent courtiers and litterateurs of the time (including Procopius himself), a person who, while professing Christianity, was at least indifferent to its dogmas and rites, cherishing a sentimental recollection of the older and more glorious days of the empire.
Much of the material is rarely heard or is original, covering the whole gamut of Scottish piping at its glorious best.
Indeed, it may be doubted whether, in several directions, he ever surpassed the glorious things to be found in this most exquisite and most precious book.
It possesses in the sun and moon, which are in their nature almost quite pure, large reservoirs, in which the portions of light that have been rescued are stored up. In the sun dwells the primal man himself, as well as the glorious spirits which carry on the work of redemption; in the moon the mother of life is enthroned.
But if the first human beings thus stood entirely under the dominion of the devil, the glorious spirits took them under their care from the very outset, sending aeons down to them (including Jesus), who instructed them regarding their nature, and in particular warned Adam against sensuality.
The prayers are addressed to the God of light, to the whole kingdom of light, to the glorious angels, and to Mani himself, who is apostrophized in them as "the great tree, which is all salvation."
Of the glorious liberty of the children of God he had nothing but a mere presentiment; he looked for it only in the world beyond the grave, and under the power of the Gospel he counted as loss all the world could give.
In Athens such speeches were delivered at national festivals or games, with the object of rousing the citizens to emulate the glorious deeds of their ancestors.
In Dr Lindsay's words, " it is one of the privileges of faith, when strengthened by hope and by love, to see the glorious ideal in the somewhat poor material reality.
During the armistice of - the fortress was strengthened, and soon afterwards it stood a siege of two months, which was brought to a glorious close by a successful sortie on the th of July .
Antwerp, famous in the middle ages and at the present time for its commercial enterprise, enjoyed in the th century a celebrity not less distinct or glorious in art for its school of painting, which included Rubens, Van Dyck, Jordaens, the two Teniers and many others.
During the first century of the existence of the Gentile Christian Church, "the hope of the approaching end of the world and the glorious kingdom of Christ" was dominant, although warnings had to be given against doubt and indifference.
The great object must be to exhibit to advantage the graceful forms and glorious hues of flowering plants and shrubs.
According to the papyrus of Unamun at the end of the weak XXth Dynastypaymentforcedarwasinsisted on by the king of Byblus from the Egyptian commissioner, and proofs were shown to him of payment having been made even in the more glorious times of Egypt.
In  Peter the Great, while passing through Kiev, was struck by the eloquence of Prokopovich in a sermon on "the most glorious victory," i.e.
Philpot in a long reply, whilst maintaining the obligation of infant baptism, yet addresses his correspondent as, "dear brother, saint, and fellow-prisoner for the truth of Christ's gospel"; and at the close of his argument he says, "I beseech thee, dear brother in the gospel, follow the steps of the faith of the glorious martyrs in the primitive church, and of such as at this day follow the same."
The latter notion - of substance - is said to correspond exactly to "the essence of the only glorious and blessed God."
Appointed first to the "Orion" and then to the "Queen" in the Channel Fleet, under the command of Lord Howe, he took part in the three days' naval engagement with the Brest fleet, which terminated in a glorious victory on the st of June .
This gradual Iranianization of the Parthian Empire is shown by the fact that the subsequent Iranian traditions, and Firdousi in particular, apply the name of the Parthian magnates (Pahiavan) to the glorious heroes of the legendary epoch.
Throughout  and  Gustavus, in the national interests, gallantly conducted the unequal struggle with Russia, finally winning in the Svensksund (th-loth July) the most glorious naval victory ever gained by the Swedish arms, the Russians losing one-third of their fleet and  men.
During the four years of its existence it has been usual to say that the biography of Pitt is the history of England, so thoroughly was he identified with the great events which make this period, in so far as the external relations of the country are concerned, one of the most glorious in her annals.
The poet wears an air of exalted superiority over the religious innovators of his day, and entertains a buoyant confidence that the future of the ancient gods of Rome will not belie their glorious past.
But practically the Dalai Lama, owing to his position in the capital,' has the political supremacy, and is actually called the Gyalpo Rinpotshe, " the glorious king " - his companion being content with the title Pantshen Rinpotshe, " the glorious teacher."
Like the Great Lamas, they bear the title of Rinpotshe or Glorious, and are looked upon as incarnations of one or other of the celestial Bodhisats of the Great Vehicle mythology.
The rule of Augustus he seems to have accepted as a necessity, but he could not, like Horace and Virgil, welcome it as inaugurating a new and glorious era.
The French governor, Boufflers, made a glorious defence, and Eugene paid a flattering tribute to his valour in inviting him to prepare the articles of capitulation himself, with the words "I subscribe to everything beforehand, well persuaded that you will not insert anything unworthy of yourself or of me."
The first MS. which he undertook in London was one sent to him by "the noble and puissant lord, Lord Antone, Erle of Ryvyers," consisting of a translation "into right good and fayr Englyssh" of Jean de Teonville's French version of a Latin work, "a glorious fair mirror to all good Christian people."
Let us, the inhabitants of the Cape Colony, be swift to recognize that we are one people, cast together under a glorious flag of liberty, with heads clear enough to appreciate the freedom we enjoy, and hearts resolute to maintain our true privileges; let us desist from reproaching and insulting one another, and, rejoicing that we have this goodly land as a common heritage, remember that by united action only can we realize its grand possibilities.
The result was regarded as a glorious victory, and in Roman literature the fall of Numantia was placed beside the fall of Carthage ( B.C.).
The victory of Dettingen () and the glorious defeat of Fontenoy (ii) had achieved no objects worthy of English intervention, and the peace of Aix-la- Chapelle put an end in  to hostilities which should never have been begun.
On the north side of the Augustaion rose the church of St Sophia, the most glorious cathedral of Eastern Christendom; opposite, on the southern side of the square, was the Chalce, the great gate of the imperial palace; on the east was the senate house, with a porch of six noble columns; to the west, across the Mese, were the law courts.
There exists a cycle of national songs - sung to this day by the Serb bards (guslari) - concerning the battle of Kossovo, the treachery of Vuk Brankovich and the glorious heroism of Milosh Obilich.
The idea which it works out is that Demosthenes has perfected Greek prose by fusing in a glorious harmony the elements which had hitherto belonged to separate types.
As early as , at Padua, Petrus Aponensis, a notable expositor of medical theories, had betrayed a heterodoxy in faith; and John of Jandun, one of the pamphleteers on the side of Louis of Bavaria, was a keen follower of Averroes, whom he styles a " perfect and most glorious physicist."
Hastening from Franconia to defend the electorate, Frederick William gained a complete victory over a superior number of the enemy at Fehrbellin on the th of June , a great and glorious day for the arms of Brandenburg.
The hotel could have been finished and the wild and glorious landscape disfigured by a gleaming white testament to rampant tourism.
Ms. Bergren has written a heart-wrenching yet glorious testament to the power of forgiveness and the healing balm of love.
And on that day was Bamboo, once so glorious in stately beauty, yet more glorious in stately beauty, yet more glorious in his brokenness and humility.
The following outdoor fall safety tips will help keep you and your family safe as you enjoy the glorious autumn season.
If you've long envied glorious ringlets and waves, you may want to learn how to curl hair in order to achieve the look for yourself.
In fact, this buzz-worthy product may well be considered a must-have beauty tool if you're hoping your glorious mane will turn some heads.
For now the corporation was styled " The Propagation of the Gospel in New England and the parts adjacent in America," and its object was defined to be " not only to seek the outward welfare and prosperity of those colonies, but more especially to endeavour the good and salvation of their immortal souls, and the publishing the most glorious gospel of Christ among them."
Shah Abbas the Great commenced his long and glorious reign () by retracing his steps towards Khorasan, which bad been reinvaded by the Uzbegs almost immeAbbas the diately after his departure thence with the Kizil-bash Great.
The two queens have become semi-divine personages, and are worshipped under the name of the two Dard-Eke, the " glorious mothers," being regarded as incarnations of the wife of Siva, representing respectively two of the qualities which she personifies, divine vengeance and divine love.
But a glorious peace was required; it must not be said that "France is bored," as Lamartine had said when the Napoleonic legend began to spread.
The emperor dismissed Persigny, and summoned moderate reformers such as Duruy and Behic. But he was still possessed with the idea of settling his throne on a firm basis, and uniting all France in some glorious enterprise which should appeal to all parties equally, and "group them under the mantle of imperial glory."
The heretical worship of the solar disk interrupted the course of Egyptian religion under some reforming kings, but the great and glorious Ramesside Dynasty (XIX.) restored " Orus and Isis and the dog Anubis " with the rest of the semitheriomorphic deities.
They are Ocean, Coeus, Crius, Hyperion, Iapetus, Theia, Rhea, Themis, Mnemosyne, Phoebe, Tethys and the youngest, Cronus, " and he hated his glorious father."
The French armies, notwithstanding the disappearance of Cond and Turenne, had still glorious days before them with Luxembourg at Fleurus, at Steenkirk and at Neerwinden (*), and with Catinat in Piedmont, at Staffarda, and at Marsaglia; but these successes alternated with reverses.
Use . Let the foresight of this glorious estate wean thee from all inordinate affections to human and earthly glory.
What is more, there is the evidence in abundance of Christ's appearances to his disciples until his glorious ascension into Heaven.
Glorious wrap-around balcony for lapping up the sun or shade in the heart of this gastronomic region favored by a certain British Prime Minister.
The immediate effect of this is rather like stepping straight from a glorious, sunlit, flower-filled meadow into a treacherous bog.
The next morning, I awoke to glorious sunshine and left the bothy, singing an old Paul Simon song as I went.
Many have facilities for ceremonies, such as chapels or garden bowers with glorious suites or rooms in which to dine in style.
The American classic Airstream is a design icon and the series follows the renovation of one from rust bucket to a glorious chrome trailer.
Relief and renewed confidence meant we had the play and dominated the game with one-twos, switching play across the pitch glorious.
A wondrous display of fancy dress and masks were everywhere - the colors and glorious efforts made by everyone were truly delightful.
With the capture of the city by the Mongols, under Hulagu (Hulaku), the grandson of Jenghiz Khan, in , and the extinction of the Abbasid caliphate of Bagdad, its importance as the religious centre of Islam passed away, and it ceased to be a city of the first rank, although the glamour of its former grandeur still clung to it, so that even to-day in Turkish official documents it is called the "glorious city."
He died in , and Austria fell to one son, Frederick, and Styria to another, Leopold; but on Frederick's death in  they were again united by Duke Leopold II., surnamed "the Glorious."
According to Jordanes (the epitomator of Cassiodorus's History of the Goths) at the funeral of Attila his vassals, as they rode round the corpse, sang of his glorious deeds.
Above Locarno is the romantically situated sanctuary of the Madonna del Sasso (now rendered easily accessible by a funicular railway) that commands a glorious view over the lake and the surrounding country.
If such a one says ` I am an Athravan ' he lies, call him not Athravan, noble Zarathustra, said Ahura Mazda, but thou shouldst call him priest, noble Zarathustra, who sits awake the whole night through and yearns for holy wisdom that enables man to stand on death's bridge fearless and with happy heart, the wisdom whereby he attains the holy and glorious world of paradise."
That glorious epithet belonged of right to Hungary,which g p g g had already borne the brunt of the struggle with the Ottoman power for more than a century.
Thus even on this side there is no real bridge over the chasm that separates the total ruin impending over the Israel of the present from the glorious restoration of the Israel of the future.
Cicero calls Ahala's deed a glorious one, but, whether Maelius entertained any ambitious projects or not, his summary execution was an act of murder, since by the Valerio-Horatian laws the dictator was bound to allow the right of appeal.
The fugitives from these cities, but especially from the last, seeking shelter in the lagoons of the Adriatic, laid the foundations of that which was one day to become the glorious city of Venice.
One week you're man of the match in a glorious win against France, the next a split second's indiscretion brings ignominy.
Their dreams were dominated by the glorious spectacle of panic-stricken infantrymen flying before the sabers of a troop of mounted lancers.
The blue flowered Ceratostigma is another valuable late bloomer which sees its blooms eventually give way to a glorious display of autumn foliage.
Go on, the dagger's point may glare Amid thy pathway's gloom; The fate which sternly threatens there Is glorious martyrdom!
Shave Cross is a tiny hamlet nestling in the picturesque Marshwood Vale, in the glorious unspoiled countryside of west Dorset.
Crumbling Roman ruins, glittering Byzantine palaces and mighty Ottoman mosques pepper the landscape and serve as glorious reminders of Turkey's colorful history.
Woolverstone Marina is set in  acres of glorious parkland on the picturesque River Orwell with the Royal Harwich Yacht Club nearby.
Once the designs are cast in lead free pewter they are carefully hand polished to the glorious deep shine that is unique to pewter.
The barn has been stylishly renovated to an exceptionally high standard, and benefits from glorious views over the rural Devon countryside.
Without wishing to sound repetitive, Pietersen plays another glorious shot, which just about suits the mood of the day for England.
And He'll do it according to or in measure of the glorious riches in His kingdom that are yours in Christ Jesus.
In no other period of musical history have composers so brilliantly captured such glorious choral sonority and musical color as in the Spanish Renaissance.
From this superb location the property benefits from glorious country and coastal views that can be enjoyed from the large sunroom.
It was such a glorious summer I've got a great suntan and the air here seems to be very clean.
There was clearly no point at all in even bothering to release such complex works of studio wizardry in glorious mono.
Maybe it was the slight stirring of a breeze, maybe the temperature drop as another glorious sunset glowed yellow behind Slioch.
After resisting every attempt of the French court to draw him into the antiHabsburg league, Sobieski signed the famous treaty of alliance with the emperor Leopold against the Turks (March , ), which was the prelude to the most glorious episode of his life, the relief of Vienna and the liberation of Hungary from the Ottoman yoke.
Pericles likewise is responsible for the epoch-making splendour of Attic art in his time, for had he not so fully appreciated and given such free scope to the genius of Pheidias, Athens would hardly have witnessed the raising of the Parthenon and other glorious structures, and Attic art could not have boasted a legion of first-rate sculptors of whom Alcamenes, Agoracritus and Paeonius are only the chief names.
Milan was invested in , starved into capitulation after nine months resistance, and given up to total destruction by the Italian imperialists of Fredericks army, so stained and tarnished with the vindictive passions of municipal rivalry was even this, the one great glorious strife of Italian annals.
His services in  form the most glorious period of his life, for in it he won the epoch-making victory of the Ist of June (see First Of June, Battle Of).
The "everlasting gospel" of Joachim of Floris was a different thing from the announcement of Christ's glorious return in the clouds of heaven; the "age of the spirit" which mystics and spiritualists expected contained traits which must be characterized as "modern"; and the "kingdom" of the Anabaptists in Munster was a Satanic caricature of that kingdom in which the Christians of the nd century looked for a peaceful Sabbath rest.
The Turkish forces unsuccessfully besieged the city in  and , on which last occasion a glorious victory was obtained by the Christian garrison, led by the famous John Hunyady and the enthusiastic monk John Capistran.
He paraded the streets of Berlin wrapped in a scarf of the German black and gold, symbol of his intention to be the leader of the united Germany; and he even wrote to the indignant tsar in praise of "the glorious German revolution."
The dialogue is entitled, The Book of Divine Doctrine, given in person by God the Father, speaking to the mind of the most glorious and holy virgin Catherine of Siena, and written down as she dictated it in the vulgar tongue, she being the while entranced, and actually hearing what God spoke in her.
It was due entirely to his steadfast adherence to these principles that Poland in the course of the th century rose to the rank of a great power; but by a singular irony of fate, Casimir, in consequence of his unswerving efforts to make his country glorious and prosperous, entirely forfeited the popularity of his Polish subjects, whose true interests he understood far better than they did themselves.
The night veils without doubt a part of this glorious creation; but day comes to reveal to us this great work, which extends from earth even into the plains of the ether.
Defiantly he raises his glorious voice in a final rendition of the political anthem that got him into trouble in the first place.
Some people might walk the Three Peaks for exercise in glorious sunshine Others, of course, might choose a more sedate activity.
The sphere of frozen moonlight gleamed, overshadowing the sunlight, shining like a beacon to light the path to a glorious future.
Time at leisure so why not explore the glorious setting on the shores of the Alta River and perhaps have a snowmobile ride?
It was such a glorious summer I 've got a great suntan and the air here seems to be very clean.
After all these weeks of glorious weather and sweltering in the office, what happens when I get to take a few days off?
The cooking at L'Atelier rolls past, a series of tableaux vivants each capturing a moment of glorious French cooking in its purest form.
The ideas gleaned from watching a few of these programs will be enough to have you dreaming in color and anticipating a glorious day shopping for paint.
As I unscrew the top, I marvel at the pink color because it's a glorious combination of pink, brown, and just a hint of apricot; I'm very hopeful that the color will be flattering on my honey beige skin.
When he wasn't falling under the spell of the Mojito, Papa would bask in the glorious glow of the daiquiri.
The next online prom magazine is Prom and Pageantry, a site that has combined these two very visual and beauty-centric events, into one glorious homage to hair, makeup and of course, fashion.
Time your wedding for this burst of glorious light and color, and neither you nor your guests will be disappointed.
The bride's stately walk down the aisle is a grand moment of any wedding ceremony, and decorating an aisle for a fall wedding can be a glorious way to frame that beautiful moment with the harmony of autumn.
There is a high demand for children's couture items, but now and then one of these glorious crafted dresses will go on sale as department stores such as Neiman Marcus or Saks update their inventory for the new season.
Albert Cuyp, David Teniers, Hackaert, Hobbema, Pieter de Hoogh, Rembrandt (a glorious blue, and one of the best), and Van der Helsh is a selection of them.
Once you have made your selection, it is time to take care of your gardenia indoor specimen so it will thrive and provide you with season after season of glorious flowers.
After you peel back all the layers and layers (trust me, they're there) of glorious explosions, deafening gunshots, and beautiful environments, you'll soon run out of reasons to play Black.
Approximately the size of the Game Boy Pocket, the Game Boy Color sported twice the processor speed and memory of its predecessor and allowed games to be made in glorious -bit color.
With the advanced technology and extreme graphics that make newer games shorter and without imagination, some gamers want to relive the glorious video game days of arcade action and addicting gameplay.
Chain reactions are wonderful, glorious things, and exploiting them in Super Bounce Out may be one of the best strategies out there.
Of course, part of the appeal is the story mode that takes you to exotic locals, hooks you up with some glorious guns, and lets you blast your way through to some evil head honcho.
The cut is glorious as it snakes its way around the body only to be "held" together by a shiny, square-shaped, red jewel.
Companies such as Christmas Done Bright sell a multitude of LED lighted displays, both animated and static, to use in your creation of a glorious holiday landscape.
Yet for all your glorious glamour, you may suffer the consequences if your other vice involves being something of a packrat.
California is home to endless days of sunshine, glorious beaches and acres of farmland, but what many people don't realize is that there are some real haunted places in California!
Glorious Vintage - The nylons offered on Glorious Vintage are very moderately priced, but you have to act fast because they sell out quickly.
The site was five acres, and the building is described in the letters patent " as a fitting and noble college mansion in honour of the most glorious Virgin Mary and St Bernard in Northgates Street outside the Northgate of Oxford."
Their influence upon the young tsar was profoundly beneficial, and the period of their administration coincides with the most glorious period of Ivan's reign - the period of the conquest of Kazan and Astrakhan.
But the conditions under which it could arise, casting from itself all foreign and feudal trammels, recognizing its true past in ancient Rome, and reconstructing a civility out of the ruins of those glorious memories, were now at last granted.
In  he had become somewhat notorious from his vigorous pamphleteering attack on the fashion of drinking healths, especially "to the glorious and immortal memory."
But more than this, these wild dreams about the glorious kingdom of Christ began to disturb the organization which the churches had seen fit to introduce.
He mentions, with gratitude, the valuable libraries of Oxford, and it is pleasant to record that it was while he was there that it first occurred to him, as he says, "how splendid and glorious a thing it would be to take a place among the authors."
Most of Nasir's lyrical poems - were composed in his retirement, and their chief topics are - an enthusiastic praise of `Ali, his descendants, and Mostansir in particular; passionate outcries against Khorasan and its rulers, who had driven him from house and home; the highest satisfaction with the quiet solitude of Yumgan; and utter despondency again in seeing himself despised by his former associates and for ever excluded from participation in the glorious contest of life.
And, although Pisa had hitherto been able to oppose a glorious resistance to Genoa and Lucca, it was not so easy to continue the struggle when its enemies were backed by the arms and political wisdom of the Florentines, who were skilled in obtaining powerful allies.
He frequently boasts of his personal intimacy with the "glorious and immortal" king, and in  he was appointed accountant to the commissioners of the glass duty, an office which he held for four years.
To the north-west, beyond the Tal-i-Bangi, the magnificent outlines of the Mosalla filled a wide space with the glorious curves of dome and gateway and the stately grace of tapering minars, but the impressive beauty of this, by far the finest architectural structure in all Afghanistan, could not be permitted to weigh against the fact that the position occupied by this pile of solid buildings was fatal to the interests of effective defence.
By the end of August , when a political crisis had supervened between Great Britain and Russia, under the orders of the Amir the Mosalla was destroyed; but four minars standing at the corners of the wide plinth still remain to attest to the glorious proportions of the ancient structure, and to exhibit samples of that decorative tilework, which for intricate beauty of design and exquisite taste in the blending of colour still appeals to the memory as unique.
Beckwith visited the valleys, and was painfully struck by the squalor and ignorance of a people who had so glorious a past.
Still more glorious for Hungary was Louis's third war with Venice (-), when he was again aided by the Genoese.
What an inexpressible joy it will be to read about Achilles, and Ulysses, and Andromache and Athene, and the rest of my old friends in their own glorious language!
What mysterious force guided the seedling from the dark earth up to the light, through leaf and stem and bud, to glorious fulfilment in the perfect flower?
A voice said to him--Why do you stay here and live this mean moiling life, when a glorious existence is possible for you?
It is something to be able to paint a particular picture, or to carve a statue, and so to make a few objects beautiful; but it is far more glorious to carve and paint the very atmosphere and medium through which we look, which morally we can do.
A little later, when the rush and heat of achievement relax, we can begin to expect the appearance of grand men to celebrate in glorious poetry and prose the deeds and triumphs of the last few centuries.
He had made a new system in making a staff, a world with full and fair proportions; in which, though the old cities and dynasties had passed away, fairer and more glorious ones had taken their places.
They talked to me of the age of the wine and the fame of the vintage; but I thought of an older, a newer, and purer wine, of a more glorious vintage, which they had not got, and could not buy.
They all reflect and absorb his rays alike, and the former make but a small part of the glorious picture which he beholds in his daily course.
