
Curled up in a corner of the seat I amused myself for hours making funny little holes in bits of cardboard.
As for the past two years people have amused themselves by finding husbands for me (most of whom I don't even know), the matchmaking chronicles of Moscow now speak of me as the future Countess Bezukhova.
Swaying his head and smiling as if amused at himself, the officer ran almost at a trot through the deserted streets toward the Yauza bridge to overtake his regiment.
I had a French grammar in raised print, and as I already knew some French, I often amused myself by composing in my head short exercises, using the new words as I came across them, and ignoring rules and other technicalities as much as possible.
As much as the brothers hated one another, Rhyn and Tamer were too similar for Gabe to feel anything but amused by the open hostility.
All the men seemed amused when they saw the boy, and as they rode up, they greeted the king by taking off their hats.
She knew what it was all meant to represent, but it was so pretentiously false and unnatural that she first felt ashamed for the actors and then amused at them.
Though mainly but a humble route to neighboring villages, or for the woodman's team, it once amused the traveller more than now by its variety, and lingered longer in his memory.
One afternoon I amused myself by watching a barred owl (Strix nebulosa) sitting on one of the lower dead limbs of a white pine, close to the trunk, in broad daylight, I standing within a rod of him.
The difference, and sometimes complete contradiction, between men's opinions and their lives, and between one man and another, pleased him and drew from him an amused and gentle smile.
She tightened her grip around him, and he was amused to think of himself as any sort of comfort to anyone, let alone a little human like her.
In the large playroom of the house at Ajaccio, while the others amused themselves with ordinary games, Napoleon delighted most in beating a drum and wielding a sword.
Having become embarrassed with debt, he found it necessary, at the age of seventy, to sell his office; but the king, amused with an epigram, gave him a pension, with the title of historiographer of France.
I amused myself one winter day with sliding this piecemeal across the pond, nearly half a mile, skating behind with one end of a log fifteen feet long on my shoulder, and the other on the ice; or I tied several logs together with a birch withe, and then, with a longer birch or alder which had a hook at the end, dragged them across.
Hiring a birthday party entertainer is a twist on the typical birthday party games and is sure to keep party guests, both young and old, amused.
The real-life married couple says they were inspired to create the series because they were amazed and amused by the Frungillos' work.
Neither the public nor the police, whose time and resources were wasted while trying to find a way to bring the balloon down safely, were amused.
He'd spoken to his sisters in depth and learned quickly just how different she was, their tales ranging from those that ought to anger him to those that amused him.
And I would keep my little hand on her face all the while, because it amused me to feel her face and lips move when she talked with people.
Petey always had a ring around his eye, obviously makeup, but trivia buffs might be amused to know that the ring changed from eye to eye.
You'll be amused in the short term, but there is very little to this online game to keep you coming back for more.
LoveToKnow is here to help with resources for entertainment and education to keep your children amused, productive and not uttering the dreaded phrase, "I'm bored."
Keep in mind that kids, especially younger ones, are usually easy to please, and getting back to basics with some of their gifts can bring out their creativity and keep them amused for hours.
Find fun and affordable ways to entertain yourself, such as hosting a family board game night, instead of relying on cable/satellite television, movies, the Internet or video games to stay amused.
From the spectacular Bellagio fountain to touring the Ethel M Chocolate candy factory, just outside of town, Las Vegas will keep you amused without unloading your wallet.
Trivia fans will be amused to know that the original sound quality tests were conducted with a CD of Suzanne Vega's "Tom's Diner".
He'd never lost this game, and it amused him to no end that the woman in the seat beside him was beating him every night.
Scepticism, with which P. Bayle had played as a historian - he amused himself, too, with praising the Manichaean solution of the riddle of the universe - became a serious power in the history of philosophy with the advent of David Hume.
In Filelfo and Valla Poggio found his match; and Italy was amused for years with the spectacle of their indecent combats.
An accomplished artist in the Chinese manner, he amused himself and his friends by burlesque sketches, marked by a grace and humour that his imitators never equalled.
The publication of the Allgemeine and General-Reformation der ganzen weiten Welt (Cassel, ), and the Fama Fraternitatis (Cassel, ) by the theologian Johann Valentin Andrea (-), caused immense excitement throughout Europe, and they not only led to many re-issues, but were followed by numerous pamphlets, favourable and otherwise, whose authors generally knew little, if anything, of the real aims of the original author, and doubtless in not a few cases amused themselves at the expense of the public. It is probable that the first work was circulated in MS. about , for it is said that a reply was written in  (according to Herder), but if so, there was no mention of the cult before that decade.
In the "Apologie de Raymund Sabunde," he has apparently amused himself with gathering together, in the shape of quotations as well as of reflections, all that can be said against certainty in aesthetics as well as in dogmatics.
Under the Commonwealth Evelyn amused himself with his favourite occupation of gardening, and made many friends among the scientific inquirers of the time.
The classics had not refined his taste, for he was amused by setting the wandering scholars, who swarmed to his court, to abuse one another in the indescribably filthy Latin scolding matches which were then the fashion.
In  she amused herself for some days by living "with her little troop" in the house of a burgess of St Andrews "like a burgess's wife," assuring the English ambassador that he should not find the queen there, - "nor I know not myself where she is become."
He therefore disregarded the signal, and amused himself and the few officers about him by putting his glass to his blind eye and saying that he could not see it.
In  he amused himself with ploughing and bell-ringing, In the Life he speaks of himself and his family as Wood or a Wood, the last form being a pedantic return to old usage adopted by himself.
These disposed of, he amused himself for a couple of hours with literary work; between six and seven he would converse with his friends or listen to his reader (a post held for some time by La Mettrie); at seven there was a concert; and at half-past eight he sat down to supper, which might go on till midnight.
Dr Warton, in his observations upon Pope's line, "Unthought-of frailties cheat us in the wise," says, "Who could imagine that Locke was fond of romances; that Newton once studied astrology; that Dr Clarke valued himself on his agility, and frequently amused himself in a private room of his house in leaping over the tables and chairs ?"
The general improbability of the story was so manifest, and the discrepancies were so glaring, that neither then nor at any subsequent time did Charles express anything but amused, FIG.
As a wife she was wholly admirable; she had to entertain a man who would not be amused, and had to submit to that terribly strict court etiquette of absolute obedience to the king's inclination, which Saint-Simon so vividly describes, and yet be always cheerful and never complain of weariness or ill-health.
Right now, the Dark One was amused but also satisfied, like he just won a deal Gabriel didn't know they made.
By the time they reached the stairs, Elisabeth's face colored beet red and she avoided Sarah and Connor's amused gazes.
Katie smiled, amused despite the rain, thunder and bugs.  The woman was as unique as she'd claimed to be, at once easily entertained and melancholy.  Katie couldn't quite keep up with Deidre's odd mixture of emotions, but she pitied the woman, who seemed more lost in her own world than anything.
He may be amused by a foreigner as by a monkey, but he will never condescend to study him with any patience.
But there is enough in the book to keep audiences amused from Sutherland to Cornwall, Dyfed to Norfolk, for years to come.
I was faintly amused by her decision to color the pilgrims in bright colors tho, cerise tops and gold trousers!
Whilst one can sympathize with the victim in this story, it is difficult not to be somewhat amused by events.
You might be amused by a photo, Alien; I think it's the first fractal to feature on the Mirror Project.
Sun Ra always confounded and amused as he dodged between big band covers, noise freakouts and long chanted song cycles and outer-space grooves.
The world amused him mightily and he amused the world, always ready with a witty sally or a ribald joke.
I was no longer a restless, excitable little creature, requiring the attention of everybody on the train to keep me amused.
The nurse received the smart reproof administered to her with every appearance of feeling rather amused by it than not.
Dancing with the Stars fans will undoubtedly be amused by the names of some of the studio's ballrooms, including the Emmitt Smith and Drew Lachey rooms, obviously paying homage to Burke's past television dance partners.
Lana smiled, amused at such hardcore words from a woman whose frail frame would struggle under the weight of a laser shotgun.
She displays these strange moods frequently, and we are quite amused by the whole thing, but I started to get worried that something was wrong with her.
If you didn't have enough videos to view before, you certainly have enough silly cat antics now to keep you occupied and amused.
Once you get past the number of menus to get to the games at Mothergoose.com, you'll find some nice, easy arcade games to keep your child amused and entertained.
These will get the conversation rolling throughout the afternoon, as guests may be amazed or amused by some of the true answers.
People everywhere go back and forth between feeling stunned and amused when they watch the amazing video footage of Rookie the Golden Retriever and his human, Carolyn, trip the light fantastic.
The show was attended by exactly  people, a point noted with some amused pride by the organizers and no end of amusement by many more people on Twitter.
The modeling world was not amused, but as so often happens in life, when one door closes, another one opens.
People who shared the same phone number as the song title weren't too amused by the endless crank calls and requests to speak to Jenny.
We are amused at beholding the costume of Henry VIII, or Queen Elizabeth, as much as if it was that of the King and Queen of the Cannibal Islands.
Denisov sat down by the old ladies and, leaning on his saber and beating time with his foot, told them something funny and kept them amused, while he watched the young people dancing, Iogel with Natasha, his pride and his best pupil, were the first couple.
Many great men were glad to call him their friend, and even kings asked his advice and were amused by his fables.
I used to sit in my mother's lap all day long and keep my hands on her face because it amused me to feel the motions of her lips; and I moved my lips, too, although I had forgotten what talking was.
Although Miss Sullivan is still rather amused than distressed when some one, even one of her friends, makes mistakes in published articles about her and Miss Keller, still she sees that Miss Keller's book should include all the information that the teacher could at present furnish.
She had learned the printed letters, and for some time had amused herself by making simple sentences, using slips on which the words were printed in raised letters; but these sentences had no special relation to one another.
You would be amused to see me hold a squealing pig in my arms, while Helen feels it all over, and asks countless questions--questions not easy to answer either.
