
Sentences
She feared seeing them happy again, knowing she really was nothing more than a disposable stand-in until they were able to be together again.
You, personally, are pretty happy with the generic knockoff, which saves you a dollar and tastes the same to you.
She linked my earliest thoughts with nature, and made me feel that "birds and flowers and I were happy peers."
She wanted Gabriel to be happy but couldn't bear to see it, not when her own world was still so new and frightening.
My father made holes in these so that I could string them, and for a long time they kept me happy and contented.
Happy as Petya was, he felt sad at having to go home knowing that all the enjoyment of that day was over.
She is always doing something to make some one happy, and her generosity and wise counsel have never failed my teacher and me in all the years we have known her.
Prince Vasili entered the room with the air of a happy conqueror who has attained the object of his desires.
I shall always keep them, and it will make me very happy to think that you found them, on that far away island, from which Columbus sailed to discover our dear country.
That type of heartache is rough, but I came to peace with it and was pretty happy with my expulsion, until a few days ago.
But they were so happy and contented that I lost all sense of pain in the pleasure of their companionship.
It makes me most happy to remember the hours we spent helping each other in study and sharing our recreation together.
I guess it does sound dull when I talk about it, but it's never dull to me, and Alex seems to be happy with things.
While Dean discounted hooligans as the source of his vandalism, he was more than happy to accept Brandon Westlake's timely rescue.
I could not keep pace with all these literary folk as they glanced from subject to subject and entered into deep dispute, or made conversation sparkle with epigrams and happy witticisms.
There are about a hundred girls, and they are all so bright and happy; it is a joy to be with them.
Stop in for the bar's happy hour specials on weekdays, and enjoy the action on the big-screen television before you head into the dining room.
It makes me very happy to know that I have kind and loving friends in the far-away State of Maine.
He cannot imagine how very, very happy he will be when he can tell us his thoughts, and we can tell him how we have loved him so long.
It frequently happens that the perfume of a flower or the flavour of a fruit recalls to her mind some happy event in home life, or a delightful birthday party.
This unpleasant impression merely flitted over the young and happy face of the Emperor like a cloud of haze across a clear sky and vanished.
Behind them sat Anna Mikhaylovna wearing a green headdress and with a happy look of resignation to the will of God on her face.
Evidently it has to be so, said he to himself, and hastily undressing he got into bed, happy and agitated but free from hesitation or indecision.
She no longer complained of her position, did not say a word about the past, and no longer feared to make happy plans for the future.
Chefs are more than happy to customize any menu item, or to even take requests for items not on the menu at all.
The restaurant, which is open for happy hour, lunch and dinner, features ravioli, duck, lamb, pork chops and rib eye entrees.
Although the food is hit-or-miss, the dining experience, friendly wait staff and happy patrons are worth the gamble, if you're feeling travel-weary.
If there was a way to make him see what was in her head … to make him remember … she focused on Damian's memories, the ones before the dark age, when he and his brother were happy.
Bird Song's managerial pair tried to present a breakfast happy face over coffee cake and muffins, but their efforts continued to fall short as they waited for Martha to make an appearance.
Cynthia didn't ask him to join her and he was more than happy to remain rocking a groove in the front porch decking.
Both lost their wives to cancer and I think my father was a tad jealous but pleased our marriage made his friend and his daughter both so happy.
Jennifer Radisson, in spite of her height and eye catching blonde hair, was quickly lost in the happy crowd that clogged the sidewalks.
Besides, if you buy her story of years of happy marriage, it doesn't point to any untoward reason for Dawkins to seek her out before meeting her.
He was happy to be out of the dining room where Brandon Westlake and Pumpkin Green, both distraught over Billy Langstrom's death, were pressing Dean for details.
He could picture the vampire-shrouded traveler pushing his grocery cart, happy to have the extra covering on this mountain morning.
Both men were just as happy to have the quiet of the jail cell so they could talk in private.
Considering how she was living when he met her, he could believe it... only she wasn't happy when he first met her.
If any part of you cared about him, you'd want him to be happy, not force him to love you!
Hannah no longer wore her engagement ring, and Katie wondered why she was so happy when she must know by now Gio wasn.t coming back for her.
She was happy for the mist; it kept the seaside lovers off the Lane and made her feel more invisible.
She'd never forgiven herself for leaving her family, and she'd never given herself permission to move on and be happy.
Ashley's eyes glowed, and Jessi hated herself for wanting to leave or prevent her cousin from ever seeing Xander again, when it clearly made her happy.
Within its borders are the villages of Cumberland Hill, Diamond Hill, Arnold Mills, Abbott Run, Berkeley, Robin Hollow, Happy Hollow, East Cumberland, and parts of Manville, Ashton, Lonsdale and Valley Falls.
If they could, by some happy chance, have been left for discovery by modern economists, they would without doubt have received different treatment, to the great advantage of economic science.
The Spartans were happy, said the writer, because they had plenty of good, suitable clothing and lodging, robust women, and were able to meet their requirements both physical and mental.
Since the death of Mirabeau no one had appeared who could strike the happy mean and enforce his will on the extremes on either side.
The most striking of these modern buildings are the new wing of the Hotel d'Italie, San Moise, and the very successful fish market at Rialto, designed by Laurenti and carried out by Rupolo, in which a happy return to early Venetian Gothic has been effected in conjunction with a skilful adaptation of one of the most famous of the old houses of Venice, the Stalon, or palace of the Quirini family.
His translation of the Bible was so sure and happy that it formed the basis of subsequent renderings, especially that of the authorized version of .
On his return he was happy in winning the good opinion of Amalric I.; he was made first canon and then archdeacon of Tyre, and tutor of the future Baldwin IV.
In this new country it was her duty to sacrifice to the goddess all strangers; and as her brother Orestes came to search for her and to carry off to Attica the image of the goddess, she was about to sacrifice him, when a happy recognition took place.
It consists of a series of sermons on the latter portion of the th chapter of Ephesians, and is described as a "magazine from whence the Christian is furnished with spiritual arms for the battle, helped on with his armour, and taught the use of his weapon; together with the happy issue of the whole war."
Here the sun will for ever shine, and all the pious and faithful will live a happy life, which no evil power can disturb, in the eternal fellowship of Ormazd and his angels.
As I talked, happy thoughts fluttered up out of my words that might perhaps have struggled in vain to escape my fingers.
Poor people were not happy for their hearts were full of sad thoughts because they did not know much about America.
I am sorry that you have no little children to play with you sometimes; but I think you are very happy with your books, and your many, many friends.
But now I want to tell you how glad I am that you are so happy and enjoying your home so very much.
We like to think that the sunshine and the winds and the trees are able to love in some way of their own, for it would make us know that they were happy if we knew that they could love.
We think of you so, so often! and our hearts go out to you in tenderest sympathy; and you know better than this poor letter can tell you how happy we always are to have you with us!
She is sitting by me as I write, her face serene and happy, crocheting a long red chain of Scotch wool.
I told her that when we are happy our thoughts are bright, and when we are naughty they are sad.
It is impossible for any one with whom Helen is conversing to be particularly happy or sad, and withhold the knowledge of this fact from her.
I was a very happy little child with rosy cheeks, and large blue eyes, and the most beautiful golden ringlets you can imagine.
Natasha felt happy and agitated, but at once remembered that this would not do and that he had to be quiet.
He often surprised those he met by his significantly happy looks and smiles which seemed to express a secret understanding between him and them.
Help yourself at the breakfast buffet, enjoy happy hour, and feast on the fresh local seafood along with steak, ribs, and chicken.
The curry flavors are subtle, and intricate rather than aggressively spicy, but the chef will be happy to make it hot if your sense of culinary adventure demands.
He was content with his life, and yet, at her words, he remembered what it was like when he truly was happy.
When her body ceased convulsing from an orgasm, she'd kissed him with tenderness and asked him how she could make him as happy.
Do you not ever wish to have a family, to be as happy as your father was so long ago?
Then, as if to change the subject, she added, to Fred, "I'm sure you'll find she was happy, wherever she lived."
I just wish she had been able to escape and draw a curtain on her past like Fred O'Connor and move into a secure and happy life.
His father, who was a wealthy man and possessed at any rate a smattering of Greek, Latin and French, was thought to have demeaned himself by marrying the daughter of an Andover tradesman, who afterwards retired to a country house near Reading, where young Jeremy spent many happy days.
It is true that he looked upon general society as a waste of time and that he disliked poetry as "misrepresentation"; but he intensely enjoyed conversation, gave good dinners and delighted in music, in country sights and in making others happy.
So Mrs. Martin is up there socializing with Mr. Martin in her heaven, unaware that Mr. Martin is balling his brains out with Annie across the hall—cloud—while Annie, in her heaven, is the happy homemaker up on Oak Street.
Jackson had never been so happy, and at ease, and she loved Connor with all her heart, yet she was a little sad, feeling they were growing apart.
None could add anything to their earlier stories and none was particularly happy being called in for questioning when they should have been enjoying their time off.
He plugged in a Coltrane disc and then a Gerry Mulligan and laid back to commiserate with the perfect sound of it all while he closed his eyes and pretended he was happy.
She hits the happy mean between the studied archaism of Courier's Daphnis et Cloe and the realistic patois of the later kailyard novel which for Southerners requires a glossary.
He was so overjoyed when this happy thought struck him that he ran home without his clothes, shouting eiipfKa, eiip?
The happy coincidence of a lunar eclipse gives us the th of September  as the exact day upon which the Macedonian army crossed the Tigris.
He left Batavia on what has been designated by Dutch historians the " Happy Voyage," on the th of August .
And, as nature reveals no great care for this postulate, we must appeal away beyond nature to a power who shall make good men at the last as happy as they deserve to be.
This voyage of the middle of the th century deserves to be held in happy memory, for it unites the first Norwegian polar explorer with the first English collector of travels.
When he set out on his return to Italy he was the happy possessor of two cases of precious Greek MSS.
He has left an amusing acccunt of his employments in the country, where his love of study was at once inflamed by a large and unwonted command of books and checked by the necessary interruptions of his otherwise happy domestic life.
His intense application to affairs is noted by the English minister, John Robinson (-), who informed his court that there was every prospect of a happy reign in Sweden, provided his majesty were well served and did not injure his health by too much work.
He had a wealth of happy stories which made him the most delightful of companions in the homes of his people.
He had not attempted to include in his calculations the orbital variations of the disturbing bodies; but Lagrange, by the happy artifice of transferring the origin of coordinates from the centre of the sun to the centre of gravity of the sun and planets, obtained a simplification of the formulae, by which the same analysis was rendered equally applicable to each of the planets severally.
He was a learned, though not a scientific lawyer, a faithful political adherent, thoroughly honest as a judge, dutiful and happy as a husband.
It is enough to say that on this fantastic basis Helmont constructed a medical system which had some practical merits, that his therapeutical methods were mild and in many respects happy, and that he did service by applying newer chemical methods to the preparation of drugs.
But he made himself happy with her, and (according to Rousseau's account, the accuracy of which has been questioned) five children were born to them, who were all consigned to the foundling hospital.
Here, though the place was bleak and lonely, he might have been happy enough, and he actually employed himself in writing the greater part of his Confessions.
His life was also happy, for he had pleasure in his work, he loved and was loved by his wife and children; he had a strong constitution, and retained his bodily and mental powers to the last; his faith in the religion of his youth was unshaken to the end; and he lived throughout his long life with the consciousness of rectitude.
Sacrifice and other rites are also spoken of as conditions of the restoration of man to happy relations with God.
But the fate of his predecessor had filled him with a lively terror of Kanaris and his fire-ships; he contented himself with a cruise round the coasts of Greece, and was happy Campaign to return to safety under the guns of the Dardanelles of .
The Ardennes are the holiday ground of the Belgian people, and much of this region is still unknown except to the few persons who by a happy chance have discovered its remoter and hitherto well-guarded charms. There is still an immense quantity of wild game to be found in the Ardennes, including red and roe deer, wild boar, &c. The shooting is preserved either by the few great landed proprietors left in the country, or by the communes, who let the right of shooting to individuals.
If such a one says ` I am an Athravan ' he lies, call him not Athravan, noble Zarathustra, said Ahura Mazda, but thou shouldst call him priest, noble Zarathustra, who sits awake the whole night through and yearns for holy wisdom that enables man to stand on death's bridge fearless and with happy heart, the wisdom whereby he attains the holy and glorious world of paradise."
He, who made every one happy in a beautiful, unobtrusive way, was most kind and tender to Miss Sullivan and me.
Rhyn stared at the scenes playing out in Death's outstretched hands.  His heart grew heavy as he watched demons kill humans by the hundreds.  The promise he'd made to keep Katie happy made him feel sick, and duty would never fill the hollow part of him that would remain during a lifetime without his mate.
Nothing I can't handle.  I have Kiki, Tamer, and Erik on lockdown.  A week without food, and they're happy to help.  Kiki is running most things, until I figure them out.
On June , Monica Cutler, asleep in the arms of her beloved Harry Turnball, failed to wake from her snug and happy dreams.
Dean was surprised just how tired he was and happy to get a decent night's sleep before tackling the next day's -mile run to Pagosa Springs—leg two of the "Ride the Rockies Tour."
He had tried to be happy for her when the twins came along – even accepted it gracefully when she had declined to go with him to Texas.
His boss was over two-thousand miles away and, while he wouldn't be too happy about Keaton spending the night with her, he would certainly approve of any hours spent watching over her.
Yet, if the motive is forbidden us, it is plain from another point of view that good persons ought to be happy.
Among these are Craigcrook Castle (where Lord Jeffrey spent many happy years, and the gardens of which are said to have given Scott a hint for Tullyveolan in Waverley), and Ravelston House, the home of the Keiths.
This unsightly mass of rubbish lay for a while as an eyesore, until the happy thought arose of converting it into a broad way joining the new .oNd at Hanover Street with the Old Town at the Lawnmarket.
The first volume of Alexander Kisfaludy's Himfy, a series of short lyrics of a descriptive and reflective nature, appeared at Buda in , under the title of Kesergo szerelem (Unhappy Love), and was received with great enthusiasm; nor was the success of the second volume Boldog szerelem (Happy Love), which appeared in , inferior.
His poems, which embody the national genius, have passed into the very life of the people; particularly is he happy in the pieces descriptive of rural life.
In some of the following psalms there are still references to deeds of oppression and violence, but more generally Israel appears as happy under the law.
He was sent to school at Lyons in , but not being happy there was transferred to the care of the Peres de la Foi at Belley, where he remained until .
Stubbs denounced suburban gardens and garden houses in his Anatomy of Abuses, and another writer observed " how happy were cities if they had no suburbs."
There are various systems of purging refined, or socalled refined, sugar in centrifugals, all designed with a view of obtaining the sugar in lumps or tablets, so as to appear as if it had been turned out from moulds and not from centrifugals, and great ingenuity and large sums of money have been spent in perfecting these different systems, with more or less happy results.
Death being a transition to a new form of life, the destroyer is really a re-creator, and thus Siva is styled the Bright or Happy One.
The metre, which by a curious naivete Tennyson long believed that he had invented, served by its happy peculiarity to bind the sections together, and even to give an illusion of connected movement to the thought.
He was a man happy in his ancestry; he inherited the dignity, the reserve, the keen and vivid intellect, and the picturesque imagination of the French Huguenot, though they came to him chastened and purified by generations of Puritan discipline exercised under the gravest ecclesiastical disabilities, and of culture maintained in the face of exclusion from academic privileges.
To the phrase" ye shall be as gods "a later writer may have added" knowing good and evil,"but" to be as gods "originally meant" to live the life of gods - wise, powerful, happy."The serpent was in the main right, but there is one point which he did not mention, viz.
But the population was accustomed to talk of an Austrian Empire and of the Austrian Emperor, neither of which designations was quite happy or accurate.
June aoth was the fiftieth anniversary of her accession to the throne, and on the following day, for the second time in English history, a great Jubilee celebration was held to commemorate so happy an event.
The truly happy man must have Opovna es (prudence), which alone can save him from falling a prey to mere passion.
Among his happy conjectures may be mentioned that of the sun's axial rotation, postulated by him as the physical cause of the revolutions of the planets, and soon after confirmed by the discovery of sun-spots; the suggestion of a periodical variation in the obliquity of the ecliptic; and the explanation as a solar atmospheric effect of the radiance observed to surround the totally eclipsed sun.
The marriage was a very happy one, though the bulk of the fortune was worn away in the expenses of public and social life.
This task of co-ordination, in the broadest sense, is undertaken by philosophy; for the philosopher is essentially what Plato, in a happy moment, styled him, ovvonrrucen, the man who takes a "synoptic" or comprehensive view of the universe as a whole.
From the road over the fine Llanberis pass towards Capel Curig, a turn to the right leads to Beddgelert, through Nant Gwynnant ("white" or "happy valley," or "stream"), where Pembroke and Ieuan ap Robert (for the Lancastrians)had many skirmishes in the time of Edward IV.
Notwithstanding this domestic felicity, an impression is left on the reader of Corneille's biographies that he was by no means a happy man.
At the same time, by the advice of the younger Bernoullis, who had removed to St Petersburg in , he applied himself to the study of physiology, to which he made a happy application of his mathematical knowledge; and he also attended the medical lectures at Basel.
It was the voice of a young girl, his cousin, who sang a stanza, saying, "Happy the father, happy the mother, happy the wife of such a son and husband."
On our action now depends the question whether our children shall curse or bless us; whether we shall live in their memory as promoters of civil strife, with all its miserable consequences, or as joint architects of a happy, prosperous and united state.
The affection in which Mr. Law was held by the House which he led was shown this session in a peculiarly happy manner.
From this time on, canonists began to exercise their individual judgment in arranging their collections according to some systematic order, grouping their materials under divisions more or less happy, according to the object they had in view.
There was a rich, deep-toned, resonant eloquence mingled with the speculative exposition; his style of expression was clear, elegant and forcible, abounding in happy turns and striking antitheses.
But Alfred was not to see the happy day when York and Lincoln, Colchester and Leicester, were to become mere shire-capitals in the realm of United England.
In the Thoughts on Education imaginative sentiment is never allowed to weigh against utility; information is subordinate to the formation of useful character; the part which habit plays in individuals is always kept in view; the dependence of intelligence and character, which it is the purpose of education to improve, upon health of body is steadily inculcated; to make children happy in undergoing education is a favourite precept; accumulating facts without exercising thought, and without accustoming the youthful mind to look for evidence, is always referred to as a cardinal vice.
Chang-chow, as a station, did not prove a happy selection, but it was not till  that an opportunity occurred of travelling northward.
A happy awakening, although it went too far in establishing royal absolutism; and a victory too complete, in that it enervated all the forces of resistance.
The marriage was not a happy one, and after the birth of a son incompatibility of temper led to a separation, the count retiring to his estate on the Indre, where by an extravagant course of living he became hopelessly involved in debt.
I hope your Christmas Day will be a very happy one and that the New Year will be full of brightness and joy for you and every one.
The only allusion to his death is contained in the prophecy of Teiresias, who promised him a happy old age and a peaceful death from the sea.
His first wife, Catherine, daughter of Magnus I., duke of Saxe-Lauenburg, bore him in   his eldest son Eric. This union was neither long nor happy, but the blame for its infelicity is generally attributed to the lady, whose abnormal character was reflected and accentuated in her unhappy son.
His father shared the theories on that subject of Condorcet and Godwin; and his son combated them on the ground that the realization of a happy society will always be hindered by the miseries consequent on the tendency of population to increase faster than the means of subsistence.
The reason or intellect is introduced to balance possible pleasures and pains, and to construct a scheme in which pleasures are the materials of a happy life.
Rasselas and Imlac, Nekayah and Pekuah, are evidently meant to be Abyssinians of the th century; for the Europe which Imlac describes is the Europe of the th century, and the inmates of the Happy Valley talk familiarly of that law of gravitation which Newton discovered and which was not fully received even at Cambridge till the th century.
It is so called in memory of Idris Gawr, celebrated in the Triads as one of the three "Gwyn Serenyddion," or "Happy Astronomers," of Wales, who is traditionally supposed to have made his observations on this peak.
He was a fairly prosperous man of business, very happy in his home, and always ready to take part in the social, educational and political life of his native town.
A very happy married life at home contented him, and at the opening of the Free Trade hall in January  he sat with the Rochdale deputation, undistinguished in the body of the meeting.
By the Arabs Lower Egypt is called Er-Rif, the cultivated or fertile; Upper Egypt Es Said, the happy or fortunate.
The mere recitation of such similar cases with their happy issue was supposed to be magically effective; for almost unlimited power was supposed to be inherent in mere words.
This happy condition had been brought about largely as the result of giving fiscal reform, accompanied by substantial relief to the taxpayers, the first place in the governments programme, and with the abolition of octroi duties in.
For Russia was not ripe for liberty; and Alexander, the disciple of the revolutionist Laharpe, was - as he himself said - but " a happy accident " on the throne of the tsars.
No public man of his time was more fitted to act as unofficial national orator; none more happy in the touches with which he could adorn a social or literary topic and charm a nonpolitical audience; and on occasion he wrote as well as he spoke.
An old county-family mansion near Criccieth is Gwynfryn (happy hill), the seat of the Nanneys, situated near the stream Dwyfawr and within some  m.
In spite of such drawbacks, Carlyle in later years looked back upon the life at Craigenputtock as on the whole a comparatively healthy and even happy period, as it was certainly one of most strenuous and courageous endeavour.
On the side of the extremists, Cameron was happy enough to die in fair fight at Airs Moss (nd of July ), after publicly disowning the king for his breach of the Covenant.
As far as the rising had a political aim and reason for existence, apart from mere dynastic sentiment, that aim was " to break the Union "; in the prince's words, " to make Scotland once more a free and happy people."
The critic has also to remember the historical value of Morris's literary influence, following upon the prim domesticities of early Victorian verse, and breaking in upon Tennyson's least happy phase of natural homeliness.
Political complications arising out of the work of the Arabian mission have been singularly few, a happy circumstance which must be attributed chiefly to the missionaries themselves, whose general opinion is that for a Mahommedan country the Persian Gulf and eastern Arabia are peculiarly free from religious fanaticism.
Hegel's letters to his wife, written during his solitary holiday tours to Vienna, the Netherlands and Paris, breathe of kindly and happy affection.
Hegel the tourist - recalling happy days spent together; confessing that, were it not because of his sense of duty as a traveller, he would rather be at home, dividing his time between his books and his wife; commenting on the shop windows at Vienna; describing the straw hats of the Parisian ladies - is a contrast to the professor of a profound philosophical system.
He showed himself a strategist of no mean order; but the policy of dictating operations to the generals in the field was not attended with happy results.
On the st of January , Jefferson married Martha Wayles Skelton (-), a childless widow of twenty-three, very handsome, accomplished, and very fond of music. Their married life was exceedingly happy, and Jefferson never remarried after her early death.
Wolfius infers from this passage that its author was the first actual constructor of a telescope, and it appears not improbable that by happy accident Porta really did make some primitive form of telescope which excited the wonder of his friends.
Languages should be taught, like the mother tongue, by conversation on ordinary topics; pictures, object lessons, should be used; teaching should go hand in hand with a happy life.
After various difficulties the marriage took place on the th of March , and was in all respects a happy union.
It was during his stay in Asia ( B.C.) that the Parthian king Phraates voluntarily restored the Roman prisoners and standards taken at Carrhae ( B.C.), a welcome tribute to the respect inspired by Augustus, and a happy augury for the future.
The wedding day having been fixed by an astrologer, who consults the stars for a happy season, a Parsee priest goes.
Another society, less hospitable, less happy, less contented, but also less mild, better tempered for building states, and more " progressive," took the place of the old.
It may well contain some true supplements to the original text, derived from local tradition or happy inference - a few perhaps from a written source used by Luke.
Honest and moderate, protecting the middle classes against exactions of the nobles, he exercised a happy influence upon the south, in spite of his naturally despotic character and his continual and pressing need of money.
It was a happy thought that dictated the plan of the book, to furnish a meditative religious lyric for each Sunday of the year, and for each saint's day and festival of the English Church.
It is not even clear how far, if we interpret it strictly, this philosophy leaves any self to be happy.
On the st of August  the cardinal was appointed legate at Viterbo, and for a few years passed a happy and congenial life amid the friends that gathered round him.
Rattlesnakes, owls and weasels are commonly found in the burrows; but their presence is no indication of the existence of a kind of "happy family" arrangement, the snakes, at any rate, preying on the young marmots.
Fru Nordenflycht wrote with facility and grace; her collection of lyrics, The Sorrowing Turtledove (), in spite of its affectation, enjoyed and merited a great success; it was the expression of a deep and genuine sorrow - the death of her husband after a very brief and happy married life.
Mme d'Aubigne returned to France, and from sheer poverty unwillingly yielded her daughter to her sister-in-law, Mme de Villette, who made the child very happy, but converted or pretended to convert her to Protestantism.
As perpetual secretary it fell to him to pronounce historical *loges on deceased members; and for this duty his rapidity and facility of thought, his happy piquancy of style, and his extensive knowledge peculiarly adapted him.
He and his sister removed in July  to Alfoxden, near Nether Stowey, to be in Coleridge's neighbourhood, and in the most delightful and unrestrained intercourse the friends spent many happy days.
He reached London on the th, his thirtieth birthday, arriving with the procession, amidst general rejoicings and " through a lane of happy faces," at seven in the evening at Whitehall, where the houses of parliament awaited his coming, to offer in the name of the nation their congratulations and allegiance.
If, he continues, we are to live after death, it is of importance for us to consider on what our future state may depend; for we may be either happy or miserable.
Originality of conception, vividness of presentation, fertility of imagination, wide knowledge of Scripture and a happy faculty of applying it, intense spiritual fervour, a striking physique and a powerful voice made him a great pulpit force.
That the remains exhibit variety and fertility, that there are in them numerous happy strokes of humour and satire, and many felicitous phrases and descriptions, is true, but the art is on the whole heavy, awkward and forced, and the style rudely archaic and untasteful.
Mintz and others had proved that nitrification was promoted by some organism, when Winogradsky hit on the happy idea of isolating the organism by using gelatinous silica, and so avoiding the difficulties which Warington had shown to exist with the organism in presence of organic nitrogen, owing to its refusal to nitrify on gelatine or other nitrogenous media.
In connexion with the latter gracefully bestowed honour it may be mentioned that Pitt's domestic life was a singularly happy one.
These marriages suited the views of France and Louis Philippe, who nearly quarrelled in consequence with Great Britain; but both matches were anything but happy.
In spite of his ungainly exterior and peculiar manner, his happy gifts of exposition and illustration won him extraordinary popularity as a lecturer, his experiments were ingenious and rapidly performed, and Coleridge went to hear him "to increase his stock of metaphors."
His surname was usually derived by later Greek writers from the name of his supposed birthplace, Gonni (Gonnus) in Thessaly; some take it to be a Macedonian word signifying an iron plate for protecting the knee; neither conjecture is a happy one, and in our ignorance of the Macedonian language it must remain unexplained.
It is to be remarked that the standing figure of the bishop in episcopal seals, of the abbot in monastic seals and of the lady in ladies' seals, which was so persistent from the th century onwards, proved to be the happy cause of the maintenance of the elegant oval shape in examples of these classes, wherein some of the best balanced designs are to be found.
This blending of the two systems of education produced the happy result of fitting this Moslem chief in an eminent degree both for the sacerdotal functions which appertain to his spiritual position, and for those social duties of a great and enlightened leader which he was called upon to discharge by virtue of that position.
With his own lessons and those patterns, any ruler of his day, who would listen to him, might reform and renovate his own state, and his influence would break forth beyond its limits till the face of the whole kingdom should be filled with a multitudinous relation-keeping, well-fed, happy people.
Theodore soon after married his second wife Terunish, the proud daughter of the late governor of Tigre, who felt neither affection nor respect for the upstart who had dethroned her father, and the union was by no means a happy one.
The total result, if adequate steps can be taken to counteract the effects of atmospheric change in future, will remain a splendid gain for posterity and a happy refutation of D'Annunzio's despairing poem, the Death of a Masterpiece.
His confession that he had known only twenty happy days in his long reign is perhaps a moral tale, to be classed with the "omnia fui, et nil expedit" of Septimius Severus.
This paradox is violent, but it is quite in harmony with the spirit of Stoicism; and we are more startled to find that the Epicurean sage, no less than the Stoic, is to be happy even on the rack; that his happiness, too, is unimpaired by being restricted in duration, when his mind has apprehended the natural limits of life; that, in short, Epicurus makes no less strenuous efforts than Zeno to eliminate imperfection from the conditions of human existence.
Of his poems may be mentioned The Oath, a series of most beautiful ballads, with a tragical love-story of the th century as their base, but with many and happy satirical allusions to modern life; JOrundr, a long poem about the convict king, the Danish pirate Jorgensen, who nearly succeeded in making himself the master of Iceland, and The Fate of the Gods and The Men of the West (the Americans), two poems which, with their anti-clerical and half-socialistic tendencies, have caused strong protests from orthodox Lutheran clergy.
The marriage, only accepted by Wilhelmina under threats from her father and with a view to lightening her brother's disgrace, proved at the outset a happy one, though it was clouded at first by narrow means, and afterwards by the infidelities of the future margrave with Dorothea von Marwitz, whose ascendancy at the court of Baireuth was bitterly resented by Frederick the Great, and caused an estrangement of some three years between Wilhelmina and the brother she so devotedly loved.
They found a brilliant interpreter in Aeschines, who, after having been a tragic actor and a clerk to the assembly, had entered political life with the advantages of a splendid gift for eloquence, a fine presence, a happy address, a ready wit and a facile conscience.
It thenes was a day of solemn and happy memories, a day devoted, in the celebration of the Great Mysteries, to sacred joy, - the day on which the glad procession of the Initiated returned from Eleusis to Athens.
