
They used to hang in long festoons from our porch, filling the whole air with their fragrance, untainted by any earthy smell; and in the early morning, washed in the dew, they felt so soft, so pure, I could not help wondering if they did not resemble the asphodels of God's garden.
I know it still galls you that he was willing to help pay for your college education, but not Katie's.
When you bring the babies home, can I come stay with you for a while and help take care of them?
The open source movement and Creative Commons licensing are examples of people willing to share their intellectual labor to help others.
When on saying good-by he took her thin, slender hand, he could not help holding it a little longer in his own.
At length, in the beginning of May, with the help of some of my acquaintances, rather to improve so good an occasion for neighborliness than from any necessity, I set up the frame of my house.
There was a hopeless look in the dull eye that I could not help noticing, and then, as I was thinking where I had seen that horse before, she looked full at me and said, 'Black Beauty, is that you?'
But don't let us worry over such things, Zeb; we can't help ourselves just now, you know, and I've always been told it's foolish to borrow trouble.
The stairs had become narrower and Zeb and the Wizard often had to help Jim pull the buggy from one step to another, or keep it from jamming against the rocky walls.
Both he and his family dressed well; they had plenty to eat; he had even bought a horse to help him carry his produce to market.
In the end, our fundamental challenge is to become better individuals, and technology offers little help on that front; it is up to each one of us to solve that for ourselves.
Miss Canby herself wrote kindly, "Some day you will write a great story out of your own head, that will be a comfort and help to many."
But, though everybody was kind and ready to help us, there was only one hand that could turn drudgery into pleasure.
I read it as much as possible without the help of notes or dictionary, and I always like to translate the episodes that please me especially.
He was there to represent spectatordom, and help make this seemingly insignificant event one with the removal of the gods of Troy.
The French invaders, like an infuriated animal that has in its onslaught received a mortal wound, felt that they were perishing, but could not stop, any more than the Russian army, weaker by one half, could help swerving.
I beg you not to indulge in trifles now, but to help to pack, and tomorrow we must go, go, go!...
No part of her wanted to reveal what Gabriel told her or that she meant it when she said she would find a way to help him.
But Ozma soon conquered her, with the help of Glinda the Good, and after that I went to live with Nick Chopper, the Tin Woodman.
One night he left the beautiful palace which his father had given to him and went out into the world to do good and to help his fellow men.
After this came the Great Depression, which so overwhelmed the social support structures that Americans turned to the government for help and have never turned back.
It seems fitting to end this part of the list—ways that information and communication will help end war—by noting that every day, every moment, more and more people have access to the Internet.
She introduced dry technicalities of science little by little, making every subject so real that I could not help remembering what she taught.
I felt vaguely that they could not be good even if they wished to, because no one seemed willing to help them or to give them a fair chance.
His parents are too poor to pay to have the little fellow sent to school; so, instead of giving me a dog, the gentlemen are going to help make Tommy's life as bright and joyous as mine.
But it is harder for Teacher than it is for me because the strain on her poor eyes is so great, and I cannot help worrying about them.
Why, only a little while ago people thought it quite impossible to teach the deaf-blind anything; but no sooner was it proved possible than hundreds of kind, sympathetic hearts were fired with the desire to help them, and now we see how many of those poor, unfortunate persons are being taught to see the beauty and reality of life.
Howard was no doubt an exceedingly kind and worthy man in his way, and has his reward; but, comparatively speaking, what are a hundred Howards to us, if their philanthropy do not help us in our best estate, when we are most worthy to be helped?
Prince Andrew always became specially keen when he had to guide a young man and help him to worldly success.
The old prince used to approve of them for their endurance at work when they came to Bald Hills to help with the harvest or to dig ponds, and ditches, but he disliked them for their boorishness.
They unlocked their shops and locked them up again, and themselves carried goods away with the help of their assistants.
Alex was in the family room and Jonathan was still in his room, so she went searching for Alex to help her with the zipper.
Nothing she had ever experienced in her life was more painful than that moment, knowing his pain and not being able to say a thing to help.
Thanks for the help, guys, but I agreed to take care of my team and the cooking when I signed on.
It's not a solution but it will help a lot more than doing nothing while this guy may be getting closer.
If she was the only one who could help him, she was also the only one who could stop him.
The idea of spending her days with the reserved Sofi and cheerful Bianca was surprisingly appealing, though she couldn't help feeling intimidated by their happiness.
You'll not face anyone willing to challenge you for him, ikir, I assure you, though there may be some left who might help him.
Despite the cool fear spiraling through her, she couldn't help but feel thrilled at the sight of him after she thought she'd lost him.
As they strode into the gardens toward an awaiting helicopter, she couldn't help but think she'd just stepped into something far greater than she could ever imagine.
He'd said she had a chance not only to leave, but also to help save Gabriel's life, if she did exactly as Darkyn said.
She couldn't help thinking it was the first truly honest exchange they'd ever had – and the timing was the worst it could possibly be.
She'd given relationship advice to the woman who condemned her to Hell, advice meant to help snag the heart of a man she hadn't stopped loving.
She stood on the front porch, puffing on her cigarette as if sucking in a lung full of chemicals might somehow help matters.
Poor Maria, as good as she is, can't be much help on the phone if she don't speak the language.
While it was a long shot that the bitchy deputy could be any help, Dean was frustrated enough with the other available avenues to bite his tongue and ask for help.
Fred, with the help of his cadre of lady friends, was the one person who had the best shot of producing further information on the family and its history.
Dean looked at his wife for help, but she just shrugged and smiled, and Dean let himself be led up the street.
While Dean felt foolish, he couldn't help feeling a tickle of pleasure as hundreds of people clapped and cheered as they passed.
Darkness moved in quickly now, and he knew he'd soon need help and more light than a simple flashlight to locate a wreck, if in fact a vehicle had plunged to the valley floor, a hundred or more feet below.
The next eruption, and the one after it, gave insufficient light to help, but then a multiple display hung in the sky like a full moon, giving time for his eyes to search left and right.
There was a serious accident last night and the sheriff's deputy was unable to raise help when she called from the mountains.
He just wished his stepfather would be more forthcoming about the nature of his concern so he'd know how to help.
I know that doesn't help much, but it's a mother-daughter thing and I don't think the kid is in any danger.
It was a new one, recently made by the Ancient Immortal that Gabriel hired to help, indicating another of his dealers had defected.
Perhaps when she lost her soul at the end of the week or maybe, if she could help him recover his underworld, she'd tell Gabriel then.
She didn't just have the body of a human and the knowledge of the goddess; she wanted to help him enough that she was willing to overcome her fear.
He couldn't help feeling angry with the goddess who set this all up or escape the emotion he felt knowing his mate was the woman he'd loved for thousands of years.
But she couldn't help feeling as if she'd never truly known the man she loved until someone else told her what she missed.
She did remember bringing him back from the dead ten years before in order to help her with her plan and how cold he'd been to her then.
If jump ropes or board games or ice cream turn out to have positive externalities—that is, if they help society—a subsidy could lower the prices of these items.
I do not see how we can help thinking about God when He is so good to us all the time.
The tongue is so serviceable a member (taking all sorts of shapes, just as is wanted),--the teeth, the lips, the roof of the mouth, all ready to help, and so heap up the sound of the voice into the solid bits which we call consonants, and make room for the curiously shaped breathings which we call vowels!
If you do come, you will want to ask the kind people of Boston to help brighten Tommy's whole life.
He loves to climb the bed-posts and unscrew the steam valves much better than to spell, but that is because he does not understand that words would help him to make new and interesting discoveries.
I fathomed it easily with a cod-line and a stone weighing about a pound and a half, and could tell accurately when the stone left the bottom, by having to pull so much harder before the water got underneath to help me.
Looking at their boots he several times shook his head sadly, pointing them out to the Austrian general with an expression which seemed to say that he was not blaming anyone, but could not help noticing what a bad state of things it was.
If we were in Vienna it would be easy, but here, in this wretched Moravian hole, it is more difficult, and I beg you all to help me.
How good it would be to know where to seek for help in this life, and what to expect after it beyond the grave!
And strange to say Nicholas felt that he could not help taking up a card, putting a small stake on it, and beginning to play.
She could not help loving the countess and the whole Rostov family, but neither could she help loving Nicholas and knowing that his happiness depended on that love.
On to rural America where the pickings are as fertile as the country side and there's always a trusting little soul willing to help a stranger.
I used them a lot over the years, not always to the FBI liking which didn't help my career but I found they often work.
Nor would most authorities offer any help in a search to find the source of their tips when they were forced to admit to them.
This ought to help the credibility issue; there's more to some tips than the police know, but haven't made public because it would enforce credence in a psychic connection for the tip.
Maybe not on your own for a few years but you'd be welcomed to help with her while I do my house work.
The director wanted me to help as much as I could but if someone was getting too close, I was to drop it.
I'm willing to put my ass on the line and help where it might do some good but I'm just a private citizen.
Then she added, "Julie practically begged me to bring Molly out there and help the both of them to get back home, whatever it takes to do so."
Once in a while we shut the alarm down during the day 'cause some of the help use that exit to the back parking lot.
He waited for me to continue but when I didn't he asked, "Do you suppose if there were a tipster, he or she could help us out?"
They thought her too young to understand words like coma and deteriorating, and they accused her of lying when she said she could help him.
He hadn't paid much attention to any woman in many, many years, but couldn't help thinking her one of the most attractive he'd ever met.
Sofi would chew him out if he gave Bianca to her like she was, and he himself couldn't help but feel somewhat concerned that she'd gone unresponsive.
She couldn't help wondering about the two of them and why she felt suddenly jealous, even though Jenn could give Dusty something she wasn't willing to.
Maybe … if you want to send in someone to help, then they can help me kill the bugs and rats?
His heart rejoiced at the thought of his own mate carrying his child, but he couldn't help but to think of his own upbringing.
As she crept up the stairs of the wine cellar to the kitchen, she couldn't help feeling troubled at leaving the man in the basement.
Her father had just admitted there were more people like her, and she couldn't help her flicker of hope at the news.
He carried on with Bianca like the sister she now was, and Jule couldn't help feeling a sense of gratitude towards the small woman with the quick smile, warm gaze, and healing energy.
Her voice was quiet, and he couldn't help wondering if she'd Seen something important enough to tolerate a vamp in her household.
He almost refused before he realized he had no choice, if he wanted to help Yully survive and Damian defeat the Other.
She couldn't help thinking her life had been wasted and hoped she still had a chance to make it up to the one person who mattered.
After her conversation with Xander, she couldn't help wondering if there was something more that made Darian seek her out or made her willing to humor him.
She held her head in her hands, tormented by his pain without understanding how she was supposed to help a dead man.
Dusty's words floored him, and Damian couldn't help but feel hurt that his best friend hadn't told him of his suspicions sooner.
For the first time in his life, he felt helpless to help the small form of the woman before him.
We're in a unique position to help people who can't help themselves against bad guys who want to hurt them, he said.
She could have carried a gun, but that would have to be put down so many times that it wouldn't be much help.
Jonathan hurried off to bible class and it was Carmen's turn to help out with the infants, so she took Destiny with her.
If you think the specialist might be able to help you, I think it would be a good idea to go.
Gabriel gave up his soul to help Rhyn and would do it again, especially seeing how strong their bond had become.
There are emerging procedures that will help people who need it, but the cost is beyond what any hospital will spend, knowing no one can pay for it.
Gazing at the muscular man who freely admitted to killing for a living, Deidre couldn't help thinking she never wanted to see something he couldn't handle.
With Andre's help, he might gain some insight into Deidre's illness and be able to counter the demons tracking and stealing souls.
I want to hear the woman who lives by the motto of no apologies, no regrets, who told me once that her own soul searching taught her to live, doesn't want my help turning that three months into eternity.
I didn't realize things were bad enough between you and me that you'd trust the man who hurt you over someone trying to help you.
When they left Deidre's apartment, Andre was headed to ask his half-brother, Tamer, for help researching histories for more information.
He had the right people helping him, a mate who reluctantly agreed to his plan to help her, a better understanding of when to break the Code and a plan to repair all that was broken within his domain on the mortal realm.
The familiar warmth, his intensity -- both lit her blood afire, and she couldn't help but imagine what his hot, talented tongue could do to other parts of her body.
She couldn't help but think the barracks and all their activity and life were far more appealing than the solemn, stately apartment that was hers.
It still smelled of him, and she couldn't help wishing he was there, even if all he did was piss her off.
She couldn't help but feel grateful he was there; she didn't want to know what other creatures lived in the darkness of her world.
We've been trying to help put her through a good school for her advanced degree, so she can start working some place and make decent money.
He.d come to keep an eye on her and, allegedly, to help his brothers on the Council, though not even he believed he had a decent bone in his body.
He.d heard these words more than once over the past few days and couldn.t help the small part of him that agreed.
Much easier to get along with, she said with a shake of her head, unable to help the warmth that spread through her whenever she saw him.
As she fell asleep, she couldn.t help thinking Rhyn was the only Immortal on the Council she.d trust to keep humans safe.
Kris.s Immortals appeared to outnumber the demons two to one for now, and Katie would call for him if she needed help.
While feeling vindicated that Kris might already be dead, he couldn.t help the growing guilt at hurting so many other Immortals.
He would go to Kris and tell him just that—that Sasha had done this all, and he, Jade, had tried to help but been nearly killed by the demons!
She couldn't help wondering if Evelyn really understood that going to his home country would mean she'd hear this kind of nonsense all the time.
And yet, he couldn't help feeling as if he alone bore the weight of his planet on his back as he struggled to pay for food, water, and weapons.
She couldn't help feeling disappointed; space looked no different than it had when she was lying on the roof of Evelyn's house.
Unable to understand or control the strange sensations, she tried to help right herself as the hands gripping her ribcage steadied her.
The giants battled, and she couldn't help feeling awed by the prisoner's abilities as he met the blows of all three foes and remained standing.
I'm not going to anything of the sort, and if you think you'll make me … She stopped, unable to help the tears welling in her eyes.
It would heal once he reached the main craft with the help of the medical unit but was useless in the meantime.
A'Ran wasn't as controlling as Romas, from what she knew of him, and she couldn't help feeling as drawn to the picture in front of her as she was to the man himself.
She'd wanted to return home since she arrived, yet when presented with the enormity of her importance in her new world … when she realized how incredible it really would be to have a man like A'Ran in her bed every night … when she saw he was capable of passion … when she found out an entire planet full of people would die if she left … She couldn't help the tears at such a thought.
At the least, she could help him battle plan while she thought hard about what to do with her life.
She'd been ignoring Kevin's calls for two days without caring he was the only person who could help her put food on the table.
But, I thought, if you would come out and talk to him, see if you can dissuade him, it might help.
Dean's offer to help was dismissed as he looked up and down the street hoping no neighbors were witnessing the growing pile of ample sized clothes.
