
The anemone, the wild violet, the hepatica, and the funny little curled-up ferns all peeped out at us from beneath the brown leaves.
The funny thing is, the Watcher told me that any Original Being that was set free would destroy the world.
But I've got to tell you, it looks pretty funny to see this many suits and uniforms in Ouray on the same day.
It was funny; he knew who blew horn with Coltrane, who played bass for Mulligan and even remembered the date Gerry's set was recorded—August .
At dinner the conversation did not cease for a moment and seemed to consist of the contents of a book of funny anecdotes.
Denisov sat down by the old ladies and, leaning on his saber and beating time with his foot, told them something funny and kept them amused, while he watched the young people dancing, Iogel with Natasha, his pride and his best pupil, were the first couple.
The mummers (some of the house serfs) dressed up as bears, Turks, innkeepers, and ladies--frightening and funny--bringing in with them the cold from outside and a feeling of gaiety, crowded, at first timidly, into the anteroom, then hiding behind one another they pushed into the ballroom where, shyly at first and then more and more merrily and heartily, they started singing, dancing, and playing Christmas games.
There was even a thorn upon the tip of his nose and he looked so funny that Dorothy laughed when she saw him.
Some funny pacifiers are even designed to look like your baby has a full set of crooked teeth, big red lips and other such gags to make you laugh.
Getting shot isn't something I'm proud of, but I can assure my opponent, regardless of the body part hit, there isn't anything funny about it.
He provides all of the fashion and girly quips that have become so stereotypical of a character like this but they are funny.
Surprising your loved one with a pair of sexy yet funny boxers can definitely liven up an intimate evening, holiday or party.
I liked the puppets because they were funny and they looked funny because they had red cheeks and they had bow-ties.
See Tigger demonstrate his tumbling skills, speak fun phrases, hear wacky sound effects, see him perform daring cartwheels and funny handstands.
Besides the chickens, we have several other additions to the family--two calves, a colt, and a penful of funny little pigs.
When a man is serious about a sport or hobby, he likes to joke about it, so of course an avid hunter is always happy with funny hunting T shirts as gifts.
Since there are many men-focused lingerie shops that specialize in body transformation, there's no reason to feel sheepish or funny about the types of lingerie offered in these shops.
He had this funny, prissy way of talking, old fashioned-like... using big words when he didn't have to, always trying to impress.
Some hick town newspaper said I was the best actor in the cast, but I think he was trying to be funny.
She wears funny clothes, carries her pet cat in her sunflower bag, serenades people with her ukelele and becomes popular.
Jacob is normally a kind person, so I think his rude comment was simply made in jest and meant to be funny.
Halloween pacifiers can be part of a costume with funny little vampire teeth pacifier or something as simple as a Boo Pacifier by Personalized Pacifiers.
For a funny version of this game, ask each guest to write down three names she loves and three names she hates (each one on a separate slip of paper).
Blank Generation Shirts carries a cool selection of vintage and retro tees, as well as funny, rude, political slogans and whatever else you want.
When you want a funny graphic T shirt that is totally unique, what better than to design it yourself and have someone else do the work of making it?
If he is a new boyfriend or you're still in the early stages of a relationship, a funny or simple gift can say the most.
Pick up lines for guys can be cheesy, a little sleazy, downright funny, or so genuine (as far as pick up lines go) that they actually work.
Though some couples love giving silly gifts to make each other laugh no matter how long they've been together, cute and funny Valentine's gifts come in handy when you're not sure where you stand in a relationship.
Framing a goofy photo of the two of you is a cute, inexpensive gift that can be really funny if you include a witty caption.
Choose carefully if you are considering a funny or extremely romantic gift, however, as these types of gifts can be more problematic than a more traditional gift.
While for the actual wedding the couple will probably have a defined gift list clearly specifying their desired presents, engagement gifts are a lot less formal and can even be funny or amusing.
If you are sending an amusing engagement card or if your invitations include some funny images, then a poem poem with a touch of humor would be appropriate.
There is a wide variety of amusing and funny poems for a wedding, engagement poems and other unusual romantic poems that can be used.
Many parties are attended by guests spanning a number of generations and backgrounds, therefore what might be hilariously funny to one may be regarded as being in bad taste or embarrassing to another.
From a very young age, people acquire the social skill of pleasing others by laughing at their jokes, even when those jokes aren't that funny.
Design your own funny tote from a store like Zazzle, or choose from selections at places like Café Press or Printfection.
They may be a bit shy at first to show theirs, but the odds are very good that they'll appreciate your funny bone.
When you first meet Capricorn, it’s a delight to interact with someone who is so funny, chivalrous and intelligent that it might not even occur to you that Capricorn might be sad.
This book contains not only coloring pages, but also instructions for creating your own drawings, funny illustrations and place to free-hand draw and doodles.
Because SpongeBob and all of the other funny and entertaining characters in his show have such a huge fan base, a SpongeBob SquarePants movie was released in November of .
For any fan wanting to know more about SpongeBob's life outside of his television show, this is a good and funny book to read.
Make sure your children understand that photos and blog entries that seem funny now might come back to embarrass them in the future.
T-shirts with funny logos, torn jeans, graffiti shoes, and short skirts can turn any hour of lecture time into a distraction away from studies.
This is another very funny race where you tie the legs of two participants together and have them work together to race to the finish line.
Dog Ears helps kids memorize funny sounds and match them with letters of the alphabet in order to open the safe.
These are usually just variations on the games listed above, but with a cartoon character and funny voices and sound effects making it fun.
The bogus commercials purporting to be in support of the various actresses nominated, which were classic political-style 'attack' ads a la the 'Swiftboat Veterans for Truth', were funny stuff.
Overall, this movie seems like it is just bits and pieces of other funnier movies, such as Office Space, and yet even though it is a compilation of the best of the best, in the end, it isn't as funny.
You can keep these funny movies as long as you'd like, paying a flat rate each month for essentially unlimited rentals.
It's funny, they quit and find somewhere that pays more, but they come back because we're more flexible and it's more fun - you know it's just a more relaxed environment.
Yes, while newer movies are great and a lot of times really, really funny, there is just something about those old classics that give you that warm holiday feeling.
It turns out that many of the incidents that made for the hilariously funny film happened to a friend of executive producer Chris Bender.
Much of the reason that YouTube has become so popular over the past decade has had a lot to do with the funny videos the site hosts.
From user produced content that has become classic video footage to Saturday Night Live clips hosted on the site that others have shared, YouTube is a great source for all of your funny video needs.
Many of the same movies appear on more than one list, and the lists of top  funny movies are an ideal place to start.
A few of the funny movies that make it onto several lists of the top  funny movies include some of the following.
If you're still looking to find some funny movies out there, rest assured that there are several lists to help you out.
Airplane! () - A parody of the Airport movies, this film is an original, with so many funny lines that every time you watch it, you catch another one.
One of the quickest ways to single out fake ghost videos is to scroll down to the comment area and preview whether people are saying the video is funny or otherwise fake.
With the many sites that offer wickedly funny cards, you're sure to find the perfect "bad" card for a good laugh.
In some cases, we even do funny things like "the bathtub test" to figure out how well a shoe holds up after getting WET and then going out for a spin around the block.
They make squeaking sounds with every step, so not only does she hear a funny noise every time she walks, you know exactly where she is.
I get to film these funny scenes and it's awesome to come onto the show with a character that is just so much fun.
I would like her to be funny and have a little bit of an agenda that might look a little bit vengeful, but it really isn't.
Travel Journal - Sometimes the best moments of a road trip are the funny little moments that fade away over time.
Videos that visitors to the site consider funny or striking in some way become popular and are featured on the site.
The Fan Section - This decal company may seem like it's dedicated to sports fans and sport decals, but they also offer funny decals, baby-on-board decals, and sporting event decals.
In this rather funny game, you must drive your car through a driving course where there are numerous obstacles, including raccoons, old folks crossing the road, and even aliens and a spaceship.
While it may be obvious that these two Spartan cheerleaders are not who you want to emulate as a cheerleader, there is always just a little truth in parody, and this is why it's so funny.
With the history of cheer as rich and layered as it is, there is no shortage of cheerleading quotes ranging from the deep and wise to the ridiculously funny.
Being able to keep a sense of the funny side of things leads to quotes and stories about everything from wardrobe malfunctions to close calls while flying (and, more importantly, catching).
Considering that Will Farrell and Cheri Oteri have been gone for a number of years from Saturday Night Live, the fact that a new generation is enjoying the Spartans shows just how universally funny they are.
It's important not just to focus on things that are inherently funny, but rather to focus on things that will bolster the school community at large and promote school spirit.
Whether you're looking for funny, or going for serious, skits during a pep rally help get the entire student body behind the team and school.
Most of the time I would never think to make a sock monkey, but I have a friend who is pregnant, and the daddy kind of has a thing for monkeys, so I thought it would be funny.
If you want to cut back on all that wrapping paper in landfill, try using the funny pages to wrap birthday and Christmas packages instead.
The character has a passion for insurance and for helping customers, yet her inability to filter her thoughts turn funny situations into true comedy.
For example, several of the styles that Joe Boxer makes are quite funny, and some men find that they fit more comfortably with their personalities.
Whether you have a classic fantasy or something a bit more exotic--or even funny--in mind, the outfit you want is out there.
Maybe it wasn't funny at the time, but if you can laugh about it now, then you can look back on the experience with fondness.
Before The Monkeys left, they told the models, oh he's real funny and he's really a good guy, and made me sound like I've known them forever.
No there is no way we're gonna (say), "Hey I couldn't figure it out, man." (laugh) I will say there is one thing I've had guys do which is funny.
Some of the simpler types of underwear, such as funny boxers, can be found at a local department store such as Target.
They also make great gifts because they tend to be so offbeat and funny, you can't help but smile at the prints.
If you have company over for the night, they may look at you funny when you present yourself as a male in a nightgown.
No one will even look at you funny if you pair it with modest pants and maybe even a sweater or jacket.
It is punky and poppy, folky and thoughtful, and at times funny and full of passion that is clearly driven by something that does not quite feel like sadness and that is not quite hardcore enough to be called rage.
If you look hard enough, you might even be able to find some funny alien and Looney Toons tunes too!
The surprisingly sweet and funny story of Juno won hearts in the movie theaters, and the carefully selected soundtrack had a central role in tugging on those heart strings.
Barenaked Ladies lyrics are known for being funny and clever - they're one of the things that usually wins listeners over to the band.
Christmas songs are easily made into funny parodies because just about everyone knows the original melodies, and the words can easily be changed to fit whatever situation the artist is looking to create.
Weird Al Yankovic made a career out of funny song parodies starting in the s, but musical parodies have been around for centuries.
Not all parodies are funny, but in recent years, humorous parodies have become the most common form of musical parodies.
He felt the troops needed a little support, so he wrote the song - although he has said it is really meant to be funny and tongue-in-cheek.
Deee-Lite and their label, Atlantic, charged some funny business was going on with those numbers, and as a result of their claims, the UK changed their chart rules to allow ties.
A Chanukah card with a rabbi-Santa joke may be funny for a casual friend, but it may not be appropriate for a conservative relative.
A joke about being over-the-hill is not as funny if the person on the card looks happy and well-rested instead of haggard and exhausted.
Coworkers and friends may not appreciate being left out of the inner circle if a funny card relates back to a secret joke.
A card that has a joke about buying lots of luxurious presents may not be funny to someone who is unemployed.
You don't have to stick to white sheets - in fact, let your imagination go crazy with funny prints and kitschy styles!
The girls will enjoy not only the end result but will find it funny to see each other in the mask as well.
If you're planning for everyone to tell a funny or moving story about the retiree for example, then make sure you mention it in the invitation or announcement.Another special request to think about will come from the guests themselves.
Quote Garden - If you're just looking for examples of home-related quotes for your housewarming party invitations, the Quote Garden has a whole page of inspiring, funny, and thoughtful quotes on the subject of houses and homes.
For someone like Gordon Ramsay, who simply loves his expletives, calling someone a doughnut, banana or donkey out of anger seems really tame…and just a little bit funny.
The Groundlings was a perfect place for Kathy Griffin to hone her often caustic - but funny - routines that she is now so well known for.
Reality TV wedding shows offer funny, unusual, or detailed glimpses into real life weddings and all of the planning and prep work that goes into them.
When featured on the show, it is accompanied by clips from past episodes as well as funny moments and outtakes.
He has a love/hate relationship with The Bachelor, and spent several seasons writing sarcastic and very funny recaps of the show.
While her family might not have appreciated the switch at the time, Suhr has risen to popularity not only on Clean House but on other shows like Pretty Funny Women, Girls Behaving Badly, Take My Kids and Funny Money.
It's funny because when I think about that time it was the big s perm, flyaway bangs and the Flock of Seagulls thing.It was a fantastic experience.
Worf's stoic personality often led to funny Star Trek quotes such as this one as he interacts with Counselor Deanna Troi in the episode titled "Parallels".
It's funny - people think nothing about going to Amazon or wherever, and throwing tomatoes at a book, when they would never stand out in front of a local business and picket because they had a bad cup of coffee at the local coffee shop.
Posting incriminating content - Everyone likes to have funny status messages, but if they include obscenities, they could be seen by the wrong eyes and misunderstood.
However, putting up funny or tender pictures of your own private world makes a blog as cute as you'd like.
Some of the widgets are for any type of blog, while others, such as Funny  MySpace, are MySpace specific.
That's kind of funny, because the fact is, everyone has a story to tell - so simply tell it, be authentic, and you'll never lack for content at all.
Drawing on the creative and funny team at JibJab, the first incarnation of the web app allowed you to upload your face onto an "elf" body.
To do this, log on to your MySpace page, click on "edit profile" and paste the code in the place where you want the image to appear.Adding funny graphics to your MySpace page can transform it from "ho hum" to "ha ha."
If you have many friends, chances are you've received, sent, or seen a variety of the many funny MySpace comments out there on the web.
Be sure your friend shares a similar sense of humor before leaving a comment that may be funny to some but not funny to others.
With the mouse or a graphics tablet, you can create funny custom comments that you and your friends will both love.
For this reason, most people just find a funny text comment that looks like an image and copy and paste it into someone else's comment box.
It may be a laugh to post pictures of yourself enjoying alcoholic beverages, dressing up in funny costumes or carousing with friends, but employers have been increasingly using networking sites to check up on their potential hires.
Some people seem to have mastered the art of posting funny and interesting status updates that just beg for others to comment on.
Funny Statuses - This collection of status messages also comes from actual people, and has a wide variety of puns and clever updates to choose from.
You can pass along wise or funny words that the people you follow posted with the click of a button, too.
Thus you should have an established web site with many visitors and/or a lot of followers to begin with, and something genuinely novel or funny to talk about.
They also have a huge selection of funny shirts both retro and modern, with cartoon and comic designs, s styles, novelty and even junk food.
As might be expected, most of the funny hunting T shirts available feature jokes that are more groan-worthy than actually hilarious.
With so many cartoons and sayings being tacky or stupid, a clever hunter or friend of a hunter may want to try making their own funny T shirt.
T shirts with pockets, funny graphics, or shirts with your favorite band look great for casual days or nights and give you an easy option when you want to wear blue jeans or shorts.
There are several types of cool designs, from art work to funny sayings, twisted political statements to jokes about pop culture.
Some are funny, some are snarky, and some are just absurd, but there is an abundance of cool designs on T shirts here.
If you want to wear your Christmas sweater out and about, though, and don't want to look like you're just trying to be funny, your best bet is to stick with a style that just utilizes the colors of the holiday season.
One trend that means your polo won't be mistaken for work wear is popping your collar, but depending on where you live, you might get a few funny looks.
One of the pitfalls of taking a vitamin supplement is the funny taste often accompanied with liquid or powdery pills.
If you decide to prank Mom and Dad as a funny joke over April Fools or for a few laughs when they get home from work, you'll have to determine how to prank your parents in a safe and responsible manner.
Some people think that it's funny to put a bit of plastic wrap or string at the bottom of a door so when mom or dad walks in, they trip and fall.
Calling your parents with bad news or making believe that a tragedy has occurred won't seem funny in the long run.
While it may seem funny to put sugar or sand in someone's gas tank, the fact is that this type of prank could clog the vehicle's filter.
A prank is just not funny if people get injured, whether they're setting up the prank or they're the victim of it.
If you have access to another person's computer, you might reset his or her home page to something funny or fun.
Another creative joke is to substitute the morning newspaper with one you've "cut" a message into so that when they flip it open, they see a funny line or joke.
A prank that damages or destroys equipment has crossed the line from being funny to being mean or even an act of vandalism.
Getting into a person's computer and deleting files or something of that nature is another example of something that is not funny.
Choose what you are going to do carefully, and make sure that you keep the focus on funny computer pranks, as opposed to destructive ones.
If you want to have fun and enjoy a good laugh with people you know, consider playing funny pranks on each other.
Not everyone wants to be the object of funny pranks, and you should be respectful of those who would prefer to simply observe or not participate at all.
If you decide to start playing funny pranks on people you know, be prepared to be the object of one as well.
From personalized golf balls and engraved jewelry to funny t-shirts and giant cookies, gift ideas for retirement are as varied as the retirees themselves.
Boomer Jokes is a joke blog full of funny jokes and anecdotes for the + crowd, including an actual job application to Walmart from a -year-old man.
You won't be able to see once you get into the store because you either won't be wearing glasses at all or you'll be wearing lenses too dark to see anything indoors (not to mention, you'll get some funny looks!).
If you choose a pair of colored lenses in a honey or amber tone, they won't look too out of the ordinary and you could feasibly wear them all day without getting too many funny looks.
It consists of many different mini-games that will have you racing cows, skiing down a hill on your bottom, and shooting bad guys in a funny graveyard setting.
Destroy All Humans! is a funny sci-fi, action/adventure game where you play an alien with a mission to collect DNA to rebuild your race and eliminate potential human threats.
The constant flashbacks, obscure pop culture references, and the innate ability to be funny to the point of being disgusting drives the show to its success.
On the next lap, most of the barrier wreckage was in the middle of the road and I hit it again…and again…and again… Okay, maybe it wasn't funny now, but you had to be there.
A successful, whimsical site and a relative newcomer, Popcap mostly features simple but engaging action games like Insanaquarium!, a funny, abnormally-frenetic aquarium-watching experience.
This will become another funny story for us to tell at conventions just like American Greetings, eFront or Kiwi Publishing.
It may be funny or cool at first, but then it begins to becoming extremely irritating, especially in some crucial moments during the game.
Mii characters can be funny from within the Mii Channel, but they are much more fun when they are unleashed into the in-game environment.
Worms Armageddon is a unique little strategy game featuring a cast of cute little cartoon worms that talk in funny accents as they hurl livestock and elderly people at each other.
Ctrl+Alt+Del has its basis in the computer environment, since that command can be very familiar to frustrated Windows users when their computers crash, but the content has quickly expanded into the realm of funny video games as well.
Flashportal has new funny movies uploaded on a regular basis, including those with Link from the Legend of Zelda, Mega Man, and even a movie that they call "Pong Not Just A Game".
Screw Attack is a blog that is updated daily with all sorts of funny stuff, and not just video game spoofs.
Video game spoofs and parodies have been around nearly as long as video games, but they have become much more popular in this technological age where people can freely upload funny videos onto such websites as Google Video and YouTube.
You'll find tens of thousands of funny, sexy, abstract and beautiful artwork in a number of sizes and formats for your cell.
From funny facial expressions and physical humor to teenage boys ogling beautiful women and lusting after their phone numbers, there's a type of humor for everyone.
Have a message written on the back of your head, leave a handprint, or get creative and get eyes in the back of your head via a whole funny face.
The range of messages have a broad spectrum, offering options ranging from sentimental to funny as well as ones that may raise a few eyebrows.
While you might offend some men with a baby timer, many men find the gift funny when receiving it and practical once the baby is born.
For many people, Lamaze is associated with the funny breathing exercises pregnant women do on television shows when they're coping with labor pains.
Everyone has an embarrassing moment or two; the best way to recover is to try and see the funny side of things.
If you're worried about your tan line, keep in mind that you'll tan through the mesh material easier than the solid areas, which could lead to a funny line.
The Fisher Price My Toon TV allows energetic little boys the chance to interact and perform with their own funny TV character.
Normally, vitamin A overdosing would be harmful since it's a fat-soluble vitamin, but in this case the only effect is looking funny.
So while the Snuggie is funny and not even a bad idea, you might be best off just buying a fleece blanket you like in a quality fabric and sewing on a few snaps to create sleeves instead.
You can also consider a few added pieces to their wardrobe such as t-shirts featuring their favorite games or funny saying relating to gaming in general.
Find out the hysterically funny things you would do to try to fix the female-focused problems offered up in the game.
On the minus side, some believe it really isn't an extremely funny movie, is mean-spirited, and relies too much on lowbrow humor.
Christmas Gifts provides a small selection of free downloadable Christmas songs for visitors to enjoy, including elegant, classic, traditional, and funny Christmas songs.
Christmas has a long, solemn history as a reverent and spiritual holiday, but it also has a humorous side that is often depicted in crazy funny Christmas songs.
Funny songs, however, offer a different perspective on the happiness of the season by exaggerating the characteristics of the holiday in a way that appeals to the mischievous elf in all of us.
These are just a few of the most popular crazy funny Christmas songs; many other variations have been made by rewriting the words to popular tunes such as Jingle Bells and the  Days of Christmas.
Most retailers who offer a selection of Christmas music will feature at least one humorous mix, and many music download websites offer individual crazy funny songs for purchase.
Cute cards have simple line drawings of happy people and animals, funny cards have snarky sayings on the front, and photo cards have images of both Santa and winter scenes.
Greetings - From funny to cute to even cards with games for the recipient to play, you're sure to find a card at  Greetings for everybody on your Christmas card list.
Funny Christmas presents can be great gag gifts or a lighthearted gift for someone special, but take care so that the gifts are not offensive or inappropriate for the recipient.
By carefully considering to whom you are giving the gift and selecting an appropriate funny item, it is easy to bring smiles to everyone's face on Christmas Day.
Funny gifts can be appropriate for everyone if they are well chosen, but they are more popular to give a best friend, sibling, coworker, boss, or anyone who needs a laugh and can appreciate a joke.
Funny presents are especially appropriate for a Secret Santa Christmas gift exchange or white elephant gift party, when most of the recipients would expect unusual and even awkward but well intentioned gifts.
While it may be easy to find gifts that you think are funny, it can be harder to choose just the right one for someone on your gift list.
Above all, the gift should be chosen with careful consideration of the recipient and their likes, dislikes, and personality, and the gift should be relevant to what they would find funny, not necessarily what makes you chuckle.
Not everyone will appreciate an off-color or vulgar gift, and the gift should be something they will find funny rather than embarrassing.
Keep gift receipts for returning or exchanging the gift if the recipient does not find it as funny as you'd hoped.
If you carefully consider the person to whom you plan to give the gift and choose one they will find funny, your Christmas gift is sure to bring smiles.
While it is possible to find funny Christmas poems, they are not available in great numbers on the Internet and in books.
If you want to celebrate Christmas with funny poems, consider writing your own or challenging family members to write some.
Most of these crazy funny Christmas songs poke fun at traditional carols or offer a truly contemporary look at the way holidays are celebrated today.
When the stress of the holidays reaches a fever pitch, there’s nothing quit like finding a funny Christmas card in your email inbox.
The popularity of electronic cards has made it easier than ever to find Christmas greetings that are sure to tickle anyone’s funny bone.
Instead of sending out a standard Christmas ecard with a nice but boring message, send out funny Christmas ecards that are sure to brighten anyone's holiday.
Typically, funny ecards are best for friends who you already communicate with online - friends from your social networking groups or those whom you exchange a couple emails a year.
Do you have time to find an appropriate funny ecard to send to each of your friends and family members with a personalized message?
Look for some cutesy funny Christmas saying to include in the card that doesn't reference any sort of inside joke or have dry humor that not everyone will understand.
Remember to include a short personal message in the funny ecard so that the recipient feels remembered and knows that they got a personalized card instead of a mass one.
Find funny Christmas ecards online, where many companies that offer printable or traditional funny Christmas cards often have a selection of them perfect for sending out this holiday season.
From funny to sincere, kooky to sentimental, there is a Christmas-themed ecard for everyone on your email list, each featuring a familiar holiday tune.
Dressing a dog in a costume can be funny, but it should never be done if it puts a dog in any sort of danger.
A woman with an unusual and funny costume that focuses on her pregnant belly is sure to hear comments such as, "That's such a clever costume!"
Fun and funny aren't necessarily the same costumes, but there are plenty of ideas out there to make people smirk this Halloween.
There aren't many of ready made Halloween costumes for teenage girls that are funny, which is a shame considering how many girls like to garner real laughs.
You can also go for outrageous s and s looks such as Cher and Cyndi Lauper, who are both funny and fabulous.
Since girls dressing as guys is often funny, go further and dress as a noted old comic performer such as Charlie Chaplin, Buster Keaton or Groucho Marx.
You should be aware that if you want to be seen as unique, in either a funny or scary way, you may be disappointed in the varied reactions, depending on the venue.
Nothing spells funny like a group of zombies dressed as Britney Spears - except a group of zombies dressed as Britney Spears who dance and sing Oops, I did it Again at random moments.
Using old clothes, borrowing someone else's clothes or creating a funny mix of items is another way to keep the costs down, or in this case, free.
A tricorn hat looks like a triangle when placed on the head, and to modern people may appear funny, but they had purpose.
For a funny costume idea in keeping with the fairy theme, you can be the Tooth Fairy and do any number of amusing things with dental floss, toothbrushes and toothpaste.
Masks can be beautiful, funny or foreboding, but the preference is mostly for the first two - Mardi Gras is a happy occasion.
Hawaiian men actually wore grass skirts during traditional hula dances, but now a grass skirt on a male for Halloween is usually seen as funny or comical.
The costumes can be funny and even a bit naughty, but they definitely help bring a bit more festivity to the holiday season.
It makes you look confident and shows you have a sense of humor.Everyone wants to be the witty, clever, funny one, but don't feel bad if you can't pull that off every time.
The people arranging the game will probably try to match people up in a way that's funny or interesting so don't expect to find your Prince Charming or Ms. Right.
You also want to watch what you say because since it is text, it can be hard to decipher if you are being funny or serious.
If you want the recipient to laugh, you can send one that has cartoons and has a funny but still romantic message.
Competitive spirit can be charming, but if you seek to beat your date at everything from sports to funny stories; you're not charming, you're just a bore.
If one person were to ask another, "what did you want to do today," and the person replied with "pie," the randomness of the answer is very funny at the time, but loses something in the translation.
Flirt lines are those funny little one-liners that you say either in the middle of a conversation or to get a conversation going.
In some cases, the funny lines may make her laugh so hard you get a date despite feeding her a line.
You can always go for a funny t-shirt from somewhere like Think Geek or Busted Tees or make your own magazine cover at Your Cover.
The initial story was four to six weeks, but they extended for another six weeks because they found some other funny and interesting stuff for Audrey to do.
In the s and s, funny song parodies rose in popularity, thanks to Spike Jones and Homer and Jethro, who wrote funny parodies to lampoon both the popular music and the styles of the day.
