
Sentences
A new Crimes Act, courageously administered by Lord Spencer and Sir George Trevelyan, abolished exceptional crime in Ireland, but completed the breach between the British government and the Irish party in parliament.
Its citadel was courageously defended by the patriots (); in  the city was burnt to the ground by Ibrahim Pasha.
Those who received them fully during Swedenborg's lifetime were few and scattered, but courageously undertook the task of dissemination, and gave themselves to translating and distributing their master's writings.
Courageously he leaped into the Ouse, which is known to be particularly treacherous in this spot, but was unable to find him.
The government then had to readjust expenditures to largely diminished resources; but the obligation has been met intelligently and courageously, and since  there has been an improvement in the financial state of the country.
His love of freedom steadily developed, and he applied its principles more and more courageously to the problems of government.
As a trusted counsellor of a succession of popes he was made cardinal bishop of Ostia, a position which he accepted with some reluctance; and presiding over a council at Milan in , he courageously asserted the authority of Rome over this province, and won a signal victory for the principles which he advocated.
He courageously aided the escape of Youssouff, pursued by the soldiers of the bey, of whom he was one of the officers, for violation of the seraglio law.
At length, in August , Johnson crossed the Highland line, and plunged courageously into what was then considered, by most Englishmen, as a dreary and perilous wilderness.
During the Northern War between Sweden and Russia, it was courageously defended (), but after the battle of Poltava it succumbed, and was taken in July  by the Russians.
His missions to the king, however, changed his sentiments; he became reconciled to Louis, courageously refused to vote for the death of the sovereign, and had to tender his resignation as deputy.
Courageously facing the difficulties of his new position, which included a serious lack of funds, he deposed the subadar of Bengal, Mir Jafar, whom he replaced by his son-in-law, Mir Kasim, a circumstance which increased the influence of England in the province.
The French, with more recklessness than was usual with them in later times, bore down on their enemy courageously but in some disorder.
People of this sign need to fight their battles and act courageously; not doing so is like denying a large part of themselves.
To this demand the king as stubbornly refused to accede;  and as the result of the consequent dead-lock, Tisza, who had courageously continued in office at the king's request, after every other leading politician had refused to form a ministry, was finally dismissed on the th of June.
