
Sentences
This book is about that future and what it is going to look like—how it will be a place glorious and spectacular beyond our wildest hopes.
I was permitted to spend a part of each day in the Institution library, and to wander from bookcase to bookcase, and take down whatever book my fingers lighted upon.
I'll tell you what's going on; he read about this place in a book, maybe a long time ago, and now he's dreaming about it.
Though the world foreseen in this book may seem far away to you, I believe it will be achieved—and once achieved, that it will grow in stability over time.
If my reasoning stopped there, you would probably start fishing around for the receipt for this book and read up on your bookseller's return policy.
At dinner the conversation did not cease for a moment and seemed to consist of the contents of a book of funny anecdotes.
She turned to go, but he stopped her with a gesture and took an uncut book from the high desk.
She is the one from Surry and her name is listed as Elizabeth in the phone book but they call her Betty, or Becky or some foolish diminutive.
I couldn't find nothing on Josh without a last name, but Ed Plotke was in the phone book for six years between  and .
The libraries that existed, such as the one at Alexandria, contained reading rooms because when you read a book, you read it aloud.
It is not necessary that a child should understand every word in a book before he can read with pleasure and profit.
This became a difficult task, as her publishers in Philadelphia had retired from business many years ago; however, it was eventually discovered that her residence is at Wilmington, Delaware, and copies of the second edition of the book, , were obtained from her.
Pierre reaching the house first went into Prince Andrew's study like one quite at home, and from habit immediately lay down on the sofa, took from the shelf the first book that came to his hand (it was Caesar's Commentaries), and resting on his elbow, began reading it in the middle.
Though there are things in it difficult for the feeble human mind to grasp, it is an admirable book which calms and elevates the soul.
And suddenly I saw him lying like a dead body; then he gradually recovered and went with me into my study carrying a large book of sheets of drawing paper; I said, "I drew that," and he answered by bowing his head.
He pointed to his manuscript book with that air of escaping from the ills of life with which unhappy people look at their work.
I took the book in my hands and tried to feel the letters with an intensity of longing that I can never forget.
Later I read the book again in French, and I found that, in spite of the vivid word-pictures, and the wonderful mastery of language, I liked it no better.
I and teacher did go to church sunday mr. lane did read in book and talk Lady did play organ.
By signs she made me understand that she wished another story, and I gave her a book containing very short stories, written in the most elementary style.
Now and then his attention wandered from the book and the Square and he formed in imagination a new plan of life.
On coming home, while his valets were still taking off his things, he picked up a book and began to read.
After admitting the doctor, Princess Mary sat down with a book in the drawing room near the door through which she could hear all that passed in the study.
A quick search of the Montrose phone book surprisingly found a listing that seemed to be what he was seeking.
I read pretty stories in the book you sent me, about Charles and his boat, and Arthur and his dream, and Rosa and the sheep.
When I asked her about it in the morning, she said, "Book--cry," and completed her meaning by shaking and other signs of fear.
He led him to the desk, raised the lid, drew out a drawer, and took out an exercise book filled with his bold, tall, close handwriting.
Next morning when the valet came into the room with his coffee, Pierre was lying asleep on the ottoman with an open book in his hand.
She did not venture to ask any questions, and shut the door again, now sitting down in her easy chair, now taking her prayer book, now kneeling before the icon stand.
All at once the stranger closed the book, putting in a marker, and again, leaning with his arms on the back of the sofa, sat in his former position with his eyes shut.
But the five phenomena I chose to tackle in this book are among the great blights on humanity that I believe the Internet and technology will help solve.
In fact, the book could survive for centuries, as could new perfect copies of the book, and thus the ideas could be distributed.
I already have the seventh and eighth books of the "Aeneid" and one book of the "Iliad," all of which is most fortunate, as I have come almost to the end of my embossed text-books.
As I had never read this story, or even heard of the book, I inquired of Helen if she knew anything about the matter, and found she did not.
The servant handed him a book which Pierre took to be a devotional work, and the traveler became absorbed in it.
She had always been a recluse at heart, often declining a social outing with her friends so that she could be alone with a book or her writing.
She was off to the library to meet with a book club; she commented that her heart wasn't in it with Martha still missing.
After fumbling in her pocket, she found a book of matches and lit the cigarette she had stuck behind her ear.
Gabriel left for the Caribbean Sanctuary, where the book possessed by a long dead Oracle was busy scribbling notes about the Present.
Every time you buy a book from Amazon, its employees use your data—information about what you did on their site in the privacy of your own home—to try to sell other people more products.
If my reasoning elsewhere in this book is correct, we are moving toward a future where there will be nothing but healthy, well-developed, rich countries with modern infrastructure.
In the  book The Lessons of History, Will and Ariel Durant calculated that, "In the last , years of recorded history only  have seen no war."
I called him Black Beauty, as I had just read the book, and he resembled his namesake in every way, from his glossy black coat to the white star on his forehead.
At first I had only a few books in raised print--"readers" for beginners, a collection of stories for children, and a book about the earth called "Our World."
The first book that gave me any real sense of the value of history was Swinton's "World History," which I received on my thirteenth birthday.
Teacher told me about kind gentleman I shall be glad to read pretty story I do read stories in my book about tigers and lions and sheep.
But I haven't time to write all the pleasant things people said--they would make a very large book, and the kind things they did for us would fill another volume.
Lisa started for her room to get a book to read and paused in the hallway to look at a photograph again.
Dean returned to Bird Song mid-morning, showered, and walked the three blocks to Diversions, a combination used book store, coffee shop, and local gathering place, on Sixth Street, a half block from Main.
Nothing but the crackle and soft light of the hearth disturbed the room, aside from the cold book in his hands.
Too restless to sleep, he tossed the pillow across the bed and snatched another, his gaze settling on the book.
Knocking jarred him as he read, and he hid the book beneath a pillow before allowing Hilden's chosen messenger to enter.
To show how quickly she perceives and associates ideas, I will give an instance which all who have read the book will be able to appreciate.
The pages of the book she reads become to her like paintings, to which her imaginative powers give life and colour.
In the evening, sit by the fireplace with a book, sip coffee with friends and family or sit back in your room to enjoy the comfortable amenities.
Stepping into the room, he took the book from a limp hand and placed it quietly on the night stand.
She focused on the dim light of her microcomputer acting as a page marker in the antique book on her nightstand.
He replaced a stack of breeches into the trunk he pulled them from, only for a small book to fall out.
He placed the unsettling book on a table and crossed the chamber, watching the book as if it might decide to walk away on its own.
Before the moment when she saw the book, she hadn't wanted to connect the spectral figure of her mind with the very real man before her.
Taran watched the door close and then opened the book where he left off, determined to find a way to help Tiyan's warlord.
He started down the hall then returned to the massive chamber, gathering the scattered pages of The Book of the Damned and placing them again in the wooden covers of the book.
I meant he thinks so much of you that he even bought a book so he could be knowledgeable about the subject when he talked to you.
The book was about all the different goat breeds and uses of the goat, beginning with a history of the goat.
Later, after the children had gone to bed and they were enjoying a little time reading, he closed his book and looked at her.
The airplane trip to Arkansas seemed like an opportunity to catch up on reading, but his mind kept drifting away from the book.
He tried to focus on the book again, but after a few minutes something compelled him to look at her.
The room was filled with dust and the wind whistled through the screens, ruffling the pages of her book as it lay on the floor.
She slammed the book shut and carried it to the shed, where she searched for something to mark a trail.
Collier preferred the version of the Book of Common Prayer issued in , and regretted that certain practices and petitions there enjoined were omitted in later editions.
In  was published a new Communion Office taken partly from Primitive Liturgies and partly from the first English Reformed Common Prayer Book,..
But he was known as a humorist, and the public, which had learned to expect jokes from him, rejected this little book almost entirely.
Eventually he was able to prove that the biological doctrine of omnis cellula ecellula applies to pathological processes as well as to those of normal growth, and in his famous book on Cellular-pathologic, published at Berlin in , he established what Lord Lister described as the "true and fertile doctrine that every morbid structure consists of cells which have been derived from pre-existing cells as a progeny."
The second book continues the history of his conquests, and the third contains the victory over Porus, the relations with the Brahmins, the letter to Aristotle on the wonders of India, the histories of Candace and the Amazons, the letter to Olympias on the marvels of Farther Asia, and lastly the account of Alexander's death in Babylon.
The Hebrew text of the book of Ezekiel is not in good condition - it is full of scribal inaccuracies and additions.
The publication of his best-known work, True Religion Delineated (), won for him a high reputation as a theologian, and the book was several times reprinted both in England and in America.
The earliest printed works in Albanian are those of the Catholic missionaries; the first book containing specimens of the language was the Dictionarium Latino-Epiroticum of Bianchi, printed in .
The chief authority for Madame de Longueville's life is a little book in two volumes by Villefore the Jansenist, published in .
The book of Haggai contains four short prophecies delivered between the first day of the sixth month and the twenty-fourth day of the ninth month - that is, between September and December - of the second year of Darius the king.
The characteristic features of the book are the importance assigned to the personality of Zerubbabel, who, though a living contemporary, is marked out as the Messiah; and the almost sacramental significance attached to the temple.
In the book of Zechariah Zerubbabel has already fallen into the background and the high priest is the leading figure of the Judean community.
Some genuine Sibylline verses are preserved in the Book of Marvels (IIepi oav,sautwv) of Phlegon of Tralles (nd century A.D.).
He fully accepted the recognized teaching of the Church of England, and publicly appealed to the Prayer Book and the Thirty-nine Articles in justification of the doctrines he preached.
At the end of this book occurs the note-"I could find no more of this geometricall pairt amongst all his fragments."
The decimal point is, however, used systematically in the Constructio (), there being perhaps two hundred decimal points altogether in the book.
Encouraged by William IV., duke of Bavaria, he began to write the Annales Boiorum, about , and finishing this book in , undertook a German version of it, entitled Bayersche Chronik, which he completed some years later.
A great disappointment, his repulse for the mastership of Balliol, also in , appears to have roused him into the completion of his book on The Epistles of St Paul.
Somewhat reluctantly it was accepted by Scottish Presbyterianism as a substitute for an older version with a greater variety of metre and music. "Old Hundred" and "Old th" mean the moth and th Psalms in that old book.
He published in  the important book Die Griechen and Romer, which was followed by the suggestive Geschichte der Poesie der Griechen and Romer ().
When the consolidation of the Dominion by means of railway construction was under discussion in , Grant travelled from the Atlantic to the Pacific with the engineers who surveyed the route of the Canadian Pacific railway, and his book Ocean to Ocean () was one of the first things that opened the eyes of Canadians to the value of the immense heritage they enjoyed.
Butler divests himself in this book .of the principles of " liberty " and " moral fitness " in which personally he believes. Part i.
Alfred Langdon Elwyn has edited Letters by Washington, Adams, Jefferson and Others, Written During and After the Revolution, to John Langdon of New Hampshire (Philadelphia, ), a book of great interest and value.
Perhaps his best book is the Interpretatio in Librum Psalmorum (), and he is also remembered as having helped Luther in his translation of the Bible.
To the same period belong the book of Micah, the earlier parts of the books of Samuel, of Isaiah and of Proverbs, and perhaps some Psalms. In  B.C. Samaria was taken and the Northern kingdom ceased to exist.
The main part of the book of Deuteronomy was "found" shortly before  B.C. and about the same time appeared the prophets Jeremiah and Zephaniah, and perhaps the book of Ruth.
One day when they were with their mother, she showed them a wonderful book that some rich friend had given her.
In this book, I maintain the future will be without ignorance, disease, hunger, poverty, and war, and I support those assertions with history, data, and reason.
I shall prize the little book always, not only for its own value; but because of its associations with you.
I can now tell her to bring me a large book or a small plate, to go upstairs slowly, to run fast and to walk quickly.
The other night when I went to bed, I found Helen sound asleep with a big book clasped tightly in her arms.
I told her that the book wasn't afraid, and must sleep in its case, and that "girl" mustn't read in bed.
When the sun got round to the window where she was sitting with her book, she got up impatiently and shut the window.
The large table covered with books and plans, the tall glass-fronted bookcases with keys in the locks, the high desk for writing while standing up, on which lay an open exercise book, and the lathe with tools laid ready to hand and shavings scattered around--all indicated continuous, varied, and orderly activity.
The book was the Gospel, and the white thing with the lamp inside was a human skull with its cavities and teeth.
She shoved the book back into its place and gave the shelf a last swipe, curbing her tongue as she dismounted the chair.
Pushing himself away from the book that would reveal nothing he sought, he went to the small, square window overlooking the stone structure of the Sanctuary.
Later that evening, Carmen was reading a book to Destiny and Jonathan was sprawled out on the window seat, reading a book about horses.
Sometimes she brought a book and read to him, but most of the time she talked about the children, relatives and the animals.
The room of the Sanctuary where he materialized consisted of nothing more than a lectern holding a massive book possessed by a long-dead Oracle.
Sitting down with a book, she propped her feet up on the table and relaxed, calmed by the sounds of the ocean and the warm sun.
There were six students around five-years-old and an older boy on the verge of puberty sitting around a beautiful blond, who was reading a book out loud.
Gabriel turned the pages of the Oracle's book, watching as words scribbled themselves across the parchment, updating a chain of events that changed with every decision made by the Council That Was Seven.
She slid the Oracle's book carefully into a satchel and replaced it inside the altar before placing the hourglass in front of him.
Edward is saying the book is 'based on the life of Annie Quincy Martin' just so he can take some liberties with the inconsequential details that have been lost in time.
It's part of their permanent collection and I wasn't supposed to even take it out, but I'm sure if you explain about the book your brother is writing, they'll let you make a copy of it.
These were the first three characters used on the first page of the notebook and the combination appeared with regularity throughout the book.
He hadn't set eyes on the man since he'd decked him in front of his inn and that was fine in his book.
I can't talk to you directly, or I am obligated to take you with me, Death's words appeared in the book.
The feeling of the angel's soft, cold hand in his own reminded Rhyn of the first thing he'd touched in Hell that hadn't been stone.  Gabriel had brought him a book with a worn, leather-like cover, and he'd lost himself dwelling on the sensation of buttery leather under his fingertips after the hazy nightmare that had been his existence in Hell.
Dean dutifully paused a few moments until Fred took off his glasses, slammed down the book on a table and said with a broad smile, I knew it!
He was resigned to quietly reading a book until Mrs. Porter the housekeeper showed up a day early, accommodating a family wedding, and Dean's peace began competing with the sounds of a vacuum cleaner and Mrs. Porter's radio music, even worse junk than Fred's usual selections.
He rose and tossed the book away, wanting to distance his thoughts from the monsters that had condemned generation after generation of warlords with the beast.
Whilst Protestant opponents put him in the list of atheists like Vanini, and the Catholics held him as dangerous as Luther or Calvin, there were zealous adherents who ventured to prove the theory of vortices in harmony with the book of Genesis.
The first book also relates his conquests in Italy, Africa, Syria and Asia Minor; his return to Macedonia and the submission of Greece.
Shields (-), who afterwards entered the Protestant Episcopal Church, republished and urged the adoption of the Book of Common Prayer as amended by the Westminster Divines in the royal commission of ; and Henry Van Dyke was prominent in the latter stage of the movement for a liturgy.
Although there is evidence of Roman and Saxon occupation of the site, the earliest mention of Brighton (Bristelmeston, Brichelmestone, Brighthelmston) is the Domesday Book record that its three manors belonged to Earl Godwin and were held by William de Warenne.
His most extensive single work is a book on Sound, which, in the second edition, has become a treatise on vibrations in general.
In the tenth book of the Republic we find the curious argument that the soul does not perish like the body, because its characteristic evil, sin or wickedness does not kill it as the diseases of the body wear out the bodily life.
In the next session, November -March , he was a leading opponent of the first Act of Uniformity and Book of Common Prayer.
The enforcement of the first Book of Common Prayer had also been part of his official duties; and the fact that Bonner made no such protest against the burning of heretics as he had done in the former case shows that he found it the more congenial duty.
His extant commentaries (those on Canticles, on the Prophets, on the book of Psalms and on the Pauline epistles - the last the most valuable) are among the best performances of the fathers of the church.
In spite of all its inaccuracies and exaggerations the book served a useful purpose in reviving the self-respect of a despondent people.
Actuated by rancour against Crispi, he, on the th of April , authorized I the publication of a Green Book on Abyssinian affairs, in which, without the consent of Great Britain, the confidential AngloItalian negotiations in regard to the Abyssinian war were disclosed.
Wallace's Gifford Lecture,  chap. i., may also be consulted; but Wallace does not distinguish the unusual sense which the term bears as applied to Raymond's book.
The introduction of printing (first dated Hebrew printed book, Rashi, Reggio, ) gave occasion for a number of scholarly compositors and proof-readers, some of whom were also authors, such as Jacob ben Ilayyim of Tunis Later waters.
His leave-taking of Andromache in the sixth book of the Iliad, and his departure to meet Achilles for the last time, are most touchingly described.
A Log Book is a marine or sea journal, containing, in the British navy, the speed, course, leeway, direction and force of the wind, state of the weather, and barometric and thermometric observations.
The deck log book, kept by the officers of the watch, is copied into the ship's log book by the navigating XVI.
In the British mercantile marine all ships (except those employed exclusively in trading between ports on the coasts of Scotland) are compelled to keep an official log book in a form approved by the Board of Trade.
Among other important manufactures are foundry and machine shop products ($,, in ); flour and grist-mill products ($,,); cars and shop construction and repairs by steam railways ($,,); saws; waggons and carriages ($,,); printing and publishing (book and job, $,,; and newspapers and periodicals, $,,); starch; cotton and woollen goods; furniture ($,,); canned goods ($,,); lumber and timber ($,,); structural iron work ($,,); beer ($,,); and planing-mill products, sash, doors and blinds ($,,).
Besides these five books, Fordun wrote part of another book, and collected materials for bringing down the history to a later period.
This is a pure supposition inconsistent with chronology, and based only on a misinterpretation of a passage in an old book.
The first book opens with a few verses, in which Boetius describes how his sorrows had brought him to a premature old age.
In the third book Philosophy promises to lead him to true happiness, which is to be found in God alone, for since God is the highest good, and the highest good is true happiness, God is true happiness.
In the fourth book Boetius raises the question, Why, if the governor of the universe is good, do evils exist, and why is virtue often punished and vice rewarded?
The fifth and last book takes up the question of man's free will and God's foreknowledge, and, by an exposition of the nature of God, attempts to show that these doctrines are not subversive of each other; and the conclusion is drawn that God remains a foreknowing spectator of all events, and the ever-present eternity of his vision agrees with the future quality of our actions, dispensing rewards to the good and punishments to the wicked.
The book contains expressions such as daemones, angelica virtus, and purgatoria dementia, which have been thought to be derived from the Christian faith; but they are used in a heathen sense, and are explained sufficiently by the circumstance that Boetius was on intimate terms with Christians.
The book is not what moderns (schooled unconsciously in post-Reformation developments of Thomist ideas) expect under the name of natural theology.
It is an attempt once more to demonstrate all scholastic dogmas out of the book of creation or on principles of natural reason.
The more celebrated and central thesis of the book - this finite universe, the best of all such that are possible - also restates positions of Augustine and Aquinas.
The American railways do not have to face this situation; but, after a long term of years, when they were allowed to do much as they pleased, they have now been brought sharply to book by almost every form of constituted authority to be found in the states, and they are suffering from increased taxation, from direct service requirements, and from a general tendency on the part of regulating authorities to reduce rates and to make it impossible to increase them.
He occupied a portion of his leisure in writing a book, entitled This Country of Ours (), treating of the organization and administration of the government of the United States, and a collection of essays by him was published posthumously, in , under the title Views of an Ex-President.
It is probable that he was the author of the greater portion of the Compendious Book of Psalms and Spiritual Songs which contains a large number of hymns from the German.
The earliest known edition of the Compendious Book of Psalms and Spiritual Songs (of which an unique copy is extant) dates back to , though the contents were probably published in broad sheets during John Wedderburn's lifetime.
The book appears to have been printed in France, and the idea of Dame Scotia's exhortations to her sons, the Three Estates, is borrowed from Alain Chartier's Quadrilogue invectif, some passages of which are appropriated outright.
It is not likely that he would write in support of Cardinal Beaton's policy, and the dialect is an exaggerated form of Latinized Middle Scots, differing materially from the language of the Compendious Book.
Some of the orthographical and typographical peculiarities are due to the fact that the book was set up by Parisian printers.
His account of his visits to England, entitled The Indian Eye on English Life (), passed through three editions, and an earlier book of a somewhat satirical nature, Gujarat and the Gujaratis (), was equally popular.
The documents underlying the Pentateuch and book of Joshua, represented by the ciphers J, E, D and P, are assumed to have been drawn up in the chronological order in which those ciphers are here set down, and the period of their composition extends from the th century B.C., in which the earlier portions of J were written, to the th century B.C., in which P finally took shape.
The book of Judges with its " monotonous tempo - religious declension, oppression, repentance, peace," to which Wellhausen  refers as its ever-recurring cycle, makes us familiar with these alternating phases of action and reaction.
It is quite clear that many provisions in the old codes of J and E expanded lie at the basis of the book of Deuteronomy.
The book of Deuteronomy, in conjunction with the reformation of Josiah's reign (which synchronizes with the rapid decline of Assyria and the reviving prestige of Yahweh), appeared to mark the triumph of the great prophetic movement.
We note (a) that though the book of Deuteronomy bears the prophetic impress, the priestly impress is perhaps more marked.
Now when the Hebrew religion was reduced to written form it began to be a book-religion, and since the book consisted of fixed rules and enactments, religion began to acquire a stereotyped character.
Persian influence is also responsible for the vast multiplication of good spirits or angels, Gabriel, Raphael, Michael, &c., who play their part in apocalyptic works, such as the Book of Daniel and the Book of Enoch.
On apocalyptic generally the introductions to Charles's Book of Enoch, Apocalypse of Baruch, Ascension of Isaiah and Book of Jubilees, should be carefully noted.
His later life was spent in various parts of the Moslem world, in Aleppo with Saif-ud-Daula (to whom he dedicated the Book of Songs), in Rai with the Buyid vizier Ibn `Abbad and elsewhere.
Although he wrote poetry, also an anthology of verses on the monasteries of Mesopotamia and Egypt, and a genealogical work, his fame rests upon his Book of Songs (Kitab ul-Aghani), which gives an account of the chief Arabian songs, ancient and modern, with the stories of the composers and singers.
I have scarcely any doubt that Miss Canby's little book was read to Helen, by Mrs. Hopkins, in the summer of .
He executed the first book in French; it was read (in ), as an anonymous production, before a literary society of foreigners in London, and condemned.
According to the Year Book of the Department of Agriculture in  a crop of , bushels of oats was grown in Nevada on  acres; there was no crop reported of Indian corn or of rye.
Rivoira, in the book cited below, shows that many of the characteristic architectural details can be traced back to a classical and in particular a Roman origin, and were not derived from the East, e.g.
Wollaston also published anonymously a small book, On the Design of the Book of Ecclesiastes, or the Unreasonableness of Men's Restless Contention for the Present Enjoyments, represented in an English Poem (London, ).
See John Clarke, Examination of the Notion of Moral Good and Evil advanced in a late book entitled The Religion of Nature Delineated (London, ); Drechsler, Ober Wollaston's Moral-Philosophie (Erlangen, ); Sir Leslie Stephen's History of English Thought in the Eighteenth Century (London, ), ch.
His theology took a more distinctly heterodox form, and the publication () of a book in proof of his most characteristic doctrine - the deification of the humanity of Christ - led to his active persecution by the Lutherans and his expulsion from the city of Ulm.
Although his making religion the sole factor of this evolution was a perversion of the historical facts, the book was so consistent throughout, so full of ingenious ideas, and written in so striking a style, that it ranks as one of the masterpieces of the French language in the th century.
It was the author's original intention to complete this work in four volumes, but as the first volume was keenly attacked in Germany as well as in France, Fustel was forced in self-defence to recast the book entirely.
He was a diligent seeker after the truth, and was perfectly sincere when he informed a critic of the exact number of "truths" he had discovered, and when he remarked to one of his pupils a few days before his death, "Rest assured that what I have written in my book is the truth."
He is said to have made war not only against lesser rulers in Ireland, but also in Britain and Gaul, stories of his exploits being related in the Book of Leinster and the Book of Ballymote, both of which, however, are many centuries later than the time of Niall.
Milbourn () the defendant had broken his contract to let a lecture-room to the plaintiff, on discovering that the intended lectures were to maintain that "the character of Christ is defective, and his teaching misleading, and that the Bible is no more inspired than any other book," and the court of exchequer held that the publication of such doctrine was blasphemy, and the contract therefore illegal.
Christian teachers, especially those who had a leaning towards Gnostic speculations, took an interest in natural history, partly because of certain passages of Scripture that they wanted to explain, and partly on account of the divine revelation in the book of nature, of which also it was man's sacred duty to take proper advantage.
Father Cahier would even trace the book to Tatian, and it is true that that heresiarch mentions a writing of his own upon animals.
All the Old-French materials have not yet been thoroughly examined, and it is far from improbable that some versions of the book either remain to be detected or are now lost past recovery.
Of the mission to the Nubians which he promoted, though he did not himself visit their country, an interesting account is giyen in the th book of the rd Dart of his History.
Some appear written for the first time in the book of Jubilees, in " the Testament of the Twelve Patriarchs " (both perhaps nd century B.C.) and in later sources; and although in Genesis the stories are now in a post-exilic setting (a stage earlier than Jubilees), the older portions may well belong to the th or th cent.
It is part of the scheme which runs through the book of Kings, and its apparent object is to show that the Temple planned by David and founded by Solomon ultimately gained its true position as the only sanctuary of Yahweh to which his worshippers should repair.
The book of Kings gives the standpoint of a later Judaean writer, but Josiah's authority over a much larger area than Judah alone is suggested by xxiii.
A work which inculcates the dependence of the state upon the purity of its ruler is the unfinished book of Kings with its history of the Davidic dynasty and the Temple.
The post-exilic priestly spirit represents a tendency which is absent from the Judaean Deuteronomic book of Kings but is fully mature in the later, and to some extent parallel, book of Chronicles (q.v.).
The " priestly " traditions of the creation and of the patriarchs mark a very distinct advance upon the earlier narratives, and appear in a further developed form in the still later book of Jubilees, or " Little Genesis," where they are used to demonstrate the pre-Mosaic antiquity of the priestly or Levitical institutions.
What book Ezra really brought from Babylon is uncertain; the writer, it seems, is merely narrating the introduction of the Law ascribed to Moses, even as a predecessor has recounted the discovery of the Book of the Law, the Deuteronomic code subsequently included in the Pentateuch.
Yet it is clear from the book of Genesis alone that in the age of Priestly writers and compilers there were other phases of thought.
They could be, and indeed had been made more edifying; but the very noteworthy conservatism of even the last compiler or editor, in contrast to the re-shaping and re-writing of the material in the book of Jubilees, indicates that the Priestly spirit was not that of the whole community.
Ultimately a cycle of  years was accepted, and it is the use of this cycle which makes the Golden Number and Sunday Letter, explained in the preface to the Book of Common Prayer, necessary.
Cornelia P. Spencer, First Steps in North Carolina History (th ed., Raleigh, ), is a brief elementary book written for use in the public schools.
This history, as we now have it, is extracted from various sources of unequal value, which are fitted together in a way which offers considerable difficulties to the critic. In the history of David's early adventures, for example, the narrative is not seldom disordered, and sometimes seems to repeat itself with puzzling variations of detail, which have led critics to the unanimous conclusion that the First Book of Samuel is drawn from at least two sources.
The author, Ulrich von Zatzikhoven, tells us that he translated his poem from a French (welsches) book in the possession of Hugo de Morville, one of the English hostages, who, in , replaced Richard Coeur de Lion in the prison of Leopold of Austria.
In  he again took part in politics, resuming his place in the lower chamber, opposing in  the project of Austria for the reform of the Confederation brought forward in the assembly of princes at Frankfort, in his book Die Reform des deutschen Bundestages, and becoming one of the leaders of the "little German" (kleindeutsche) party, which advocated the exclusion of Austria from Germany.
Among the industries of the men were printing (in both English and German), book binding, tanning, quarrying, and the operation of a saw milI,.
This suspicion is strengthened by the fact (discovered by von Sybel) that even the very preface to his book is taken almost word for word from Rufinus's translation of Origen's commentary on the epistle to the Romans.
This suspicion seems to have arisen chiefly from his intimacy with Christopher Davenport, better known as Francis a Sancta Clara, a learned Franciscan friar who became chaplain to Queen  An obviously erroneous entry in the Admission Book states that he had been at school under Mr. Lovering for ten years, and was in his fifteenth year.
Jesus Christ, a book which was inspired, its author tells us, by his earlier intercourse with the earl of Northampton.
The book is valuable also for the propositions in the theory of numbers, other than the "porisms," stated or assumed in it.
The king of Spain, Philip IV., received the author coldly, and it is said even tried to suppress his book, fearing that the Portuguese, who had just revolted from Spain (), would profit by its information.
The Book of Husbandry begins with a description of the plough and other implements, after which about a third part of it is occupied with the several operations as they succeed one another throughout the year.
In it the book of husbandry consists of  pages, and then follows the Points of Housewifrie, occupying  pages more.
Blith's book is the first systematic work in which there are some traces of alternate husbandry or the practice of interposing clover and turnip between culmiferous crops.
It is evident from this book that the society had exerted itself with success in introducing cultivated herbage and turnips, as well as in improving the former methods of culture.
The Light Railways Act and the Locomotives on Highways Act were added to the statute book in , and various clauses in the Finance Act effected reforms in respect of the death duties, the land-tax, farmers' income-tax and the beer duty.
The society holds annual shows, publishes annually the Shire Horse Stud Book and offers'_gold and silver medals for competition amongst Shire horses at agricultural shows in different parts of the country.
Other cattle societies, all well caring for the interest of their respective breeds, are the Shorthorn Society of Great Britain and Ireland, the Lincolnshire Red Shorthorn Association, the Hereford Herd Book Society, the Devon Cattle Breeders' Society, the South Devon Herd Book Society, the Sussex Herd Book Society, the Longhorned Cattle Society, the Red Polled Society, the English Guernsey Cattle Society, the English Kerry and Dexter Cattle Society, the Welsh Bla.
In this book are named the recognized and pure-bred sires which have been used, and ewes which have been bred from, whilst there are also registered the pedigrees of such sheep as are proved to be eligible for entry.
From this oppressive feeling he found relief in the thought set forth in the opening of the second book of his Political Economy - that, while the conditions of production have the necessity of physical laws, the distribution of what is produced among the various classes of producers is a matter of human arrangement, dependent upon alterable customs and institutions.
Among the early writings, besides the book of Curtis, there may also be mentioned a still useful little publication by Pohl and Kollar, entitled Insects Injurious to Gardeners, Foresters and Farmers, published in , and Taschenberg's Praktische Insecktenkunde.
In  appeared a work on fruit pests by William Saunders, which mainly applies to the American continent; and another small book on the same subject was published in  by Miss Ormerod, dealing with the British pests.
But after all the misinterpretation, the book as a whole leaves upon us an impression of peculiar strength and charm.
Abu ' Kasim Mansur (or Hasan), who took the nom de plume of Firdousi, author of the epic poem the Shahnama, or "Book of Kings," a complete history of Persia in nearly , verses, was born at Shadab, a suburb of Tus, about the year  of the Hegira ( A.D.), or earlier.
His "Book of Kings" was completed in the year  of the Hegira, and was freely circulated in Khorasan and Irak.
Mahmud now definitely selected him for the work of compiling and versifying the ancient legends, and bestowed upon him such marks of his favour and munificence as to elicit from the poet an enthusiastic panegyric, which is inserted in the preface of the Shahnama, and forms a curious contrast to the bitter satire which he subsequently prefixed to the book.
At length, after thirty-five years' work, the book was completed (ioi i), and Firdousi entrusted it to Ayaz, the sultan's favourite, for presentation to him.
The principal apologetic work of Origen is his book Kara KeXuov (eight books), written at Caesarea in the time of Philip the Arabian.
The book is interesting as an early study in comparative religion, but its publication in  led to Bekker's deposition from the ministry.
For our knowledge of their doctrinal system, however, we still depend chiefly upon the sacred books already mentioned, consisting of fragments of very various antiquity derived from an older literature. Of these the largest and most important is the Sidra' rabbd (" Great Book"), known also as Ginza - ("Treasure"), consisting of two unequal parts, of which the larger is called yamina (to the right hand) and the smaller s'znala (to the left hand), because of the manner in which they are bound together.
Norberg (Codex Nazaraeus, liber Adami appellatus,  vols., Copenhagen, -, followed by a lexicon in , and an onomasticon in ), is so defective as to be quite useless; even the name Book of Adam is unknown to the Mandaeans.
The "Life" calls into existence in the visible world a series of three great Helpers, Hibil, Shithil and Anosh (late Judaeo-Babylonian transformations of the well-known names of the book of Genesis), the guardians of souls.
It is also known as Sidra' d'neshmatha, " Book of Souls," and besides hymns and doctrinal discourses contains prayers to be offered by the priests at sacrifice and at meals, as well as other liturgical matter.
It is possible that the Orationes may represent a letter book of Richard de Bury's, entitled Liber Epistolaris quondam domini Ricardi de Bury, Episcopi Dunelmensis, now in the possession of Lord Harlech.
The Paris MS. has simply Philobiblon olchoti anglici, and does not contain the usual concluding note of the date when the book was completed by Richard.
The earliest known use of the word Ornithology seems to be in the third edition of Blount's Glossographia (), where it is noted as being " the title of a late Book."
Nevertheless the book was eagerly sought, and several editions of it appeared. Mention must be made of a medical treatise by Caspar Schwenckfeld, published at Liegnitz in , under the title of Theriotropheum Silesiae, the fourth book of which consists of an " Aviarium Silesiae," and is the earliest of the works we now know by the name of fauna.
In like manner in , Scopoli - already the author of a little book published at Leipzig in  under the title of Annus I.
But in  Gerard Blasius had brought out at Amsterdam an Anatome Animalium, containing the results of all the dissections of animals that he could find; and the second part of this book, treating of Volatilia, makes a respectable show of more than one hundred and twenty closely-printed quarto pages, though nearly two-thirds is devoted to a treatise De Ovo et Pullo, containing among other things a reprint of Harvey's researches, and the scientific rank of the whole book may be inferred from bats being still classed with birds.
Observations on birds form the principal though by no means the whole theme of this book, which may be safely said to have done more to promote a love of ornithology in England than any other work that has been written, nay more than all the other works (except one next to be mentioned) put together.
Some of the figures were drawn from stuffed specimens, and accordingly perpetuate all the imperfections of the original; others represent species with the appearance of which the artist was not  In this year there were two issues of this book; one, nominally a second edition, only differs from the first in having a new titlepage.
Its chief drawback is that it does not give any more reference to the authority for a generic term than the name of its inventor and the year of its application, though of course more precise information would have at least doubled the size of the book.
The extraordinary merits of this book, and the admirable fidelity to his principles which Professor Burmeister showed in the difficult task of editing it, were unfortunately overlooked for many years, and perhaps are not sufficiently recognised now.
A translator should know thoroughly the language he is translating from, the language into which he is translating, and the subject of which the book treats.
Sigwart, in the preface to the first edition of his Logic, makes "special mention" of the assistance he obtained from this book.
The American bale has been described in a standard American book on cotton as " the clumsiest, dirtiest, most expensive and most wasteful package, in which cotton or any other commodity of like value is anywhere put up."
Colenso, and learned to regard the prophetic narrative of Genesis, Exodus, and Numbers as older than what was by the Germans denominated Grundschrift (" Book of Origins").
A copy of the book was sent to the Prussian minister of education, Karl Albert Kamptz (-), the notorious hunter of democrats.
In later editions the title of this book was altered to Die Osmanen and die spanische Monarchic. It was now his ambition to continue his exploration of the new world thus opened to him.
He found time, in addition, to write a short book on Die Serbische Revolution (), from material supplied to him by Wuk Stephanowich, a Servian who had himself been witness of the scenes he related.
Before it was completed he had already begun the researches on which was based the second of his masterpieces, his Deutsche Geschichte im Zeitalter der Reformation (Berlin, -), a necessary pendant to his book on the popes, and the most popular of his works in his own country.
Theodosius Harnack was a staunch Lutheran and a prolific writer on theological subjects; his chief field of work was practical theology, and his important book on that subject, summing up his long experience and teaching, appeared at Erlangen (-,  vols.).
His book might almost be called the "Visions of Peter Bartholomew and others," and it is written in the plain matter-of-fact manner of Defoe's narratives.
He wrote the book at different times between  and , when it abruptly ends, and its author as abruptly disappears from sight.
His book thus begins to be a real authority only from the date of the Second Crusade onwards; but the perfection of his form (for he is one of the greatest stylists of the middle ages) and the prestige of his position conspired to make his book the one authority for the whole history of the first century of the Crusades.
The XpovcKOV Teel, ' (composed in Greek verse some time after , apparently by an author of mixed Frankish and Greek parentage, and translated into French at an early date under the title "The Book of the Conquest of Constantinople and the Empire of Rumania") narrates in a prologue the events of the Fourth (as indeed also of the First) Crusade.
