
We spent about three weeks in Boston, after leaving New York, and I need not tell you we had a most delightful time.
Mr. Warner and Mr. Burroughs, the great lover of nature, came to see us a few days after, and we had a delightful talk with them.
He was such a delightful old man, and it was so dark in the forest... and he had such kind...
I also knew Mr. Charles Dudley Warner, the most delightful of story-tellers and the most beloved friend, whose sympathy was so broad that it may be truly said of him, he loved all living things and his neighbour as himself.
It was delightful to lose ourselves in the green hollows of that tangled wood in the late afternoon, and to smell the cool, delicious odours that came up from the earth at the close of day.
Here in Dr. Bell's laboratory, or in the fields on the shore of the great Bras d'Or, I have spent many delightful hours listening to what he had to tell me about his experiments, and helping him fly kites by means of which he expects to discover the laws that shall govern the future air-ship.
Dr. Bell went everywhere with us and in his own delightful way described to me the objects of greatest interest.
His hand moved down her side to her waist and then down to her leg, caressing the back of her knee in a delightful way.
The climate is mild and healthy, and for the greater part of the year very pleasant, the seasons of spring and autumn being more especially delightful.
Indeed the th  This comparison is made in full realization of the fact that the Bordeaux record is a dry catalogue, and that Fabri's work is swelled by the miscellaneous gossip and " padding " which makes it one of the most delightful books ever written in the middle ages.
I personally, had never seen such delightful, stunning views as those in the Swiss alps on a sunny, clear day.
In the summer and the autumn the weather is commonly fine, and often most beautiful; and especially in the Berkshires a cool, pure and elastic atmosphere prevails, relatively dry, and altogether delightful.
South of these highlands, occupying a narrow strip on each side of the Tennessee river, is a delightful country of gentle rolling lowlands varying in elevation from  to  ft.
On account of its delightful situation and the many objects of interest it contains, Dresden is often called "German Florence," a name first applied to it by the poet Herder.
In the oriental quarters of the city the curious shops, the markets of different trades (the shops of each trade being generally congregated in one street or district), the easy merchant sitting before his shop, the musical and quaint street-cries of the picturesque vendors of fruit, sherbet, water, &c., with the ever-changing and many-coloured throng of passengers, all render the streets a delightful study for the lover of Arab life, nowhere else to be seen in such perfection, or with so fine a background of magnificent buildings.
A still more delightful resort is the Margaret island, a long narrow island in the Danube, the property of the archduke Joseph, which has been laid out in the style of an English park, with fine trees, velvety turf and a group of villas and bath-houses.
Bettina von Arnim came into personal touch with Goethe in , and her Briefwechsel Goethes mit einem Kinde (published in ) is, in its mingling of truth and fiction, one of the most delightful products of the Romantic mind; but the episode was of less importance for Goethe's life than Bettina would have us believe.
The oldest is that on Brooklyn (or Columbia) Heights, west of City Hall Park, rising abruptly from the river to a height of from  to ioo ft., and commanding a delightful view of the harbour.
His Life, a delightful piece of biography, written by Bishop Fell, and prefixed to the collected Works, has been reprinted in vol.
The borough lies on a ridge of ground commanding delightful landscape scenery extending north up the course of the river to the Blue Mountains  m.
His historical essays, notably the famous anonymous eulogy on Torstenson crowned by the Academy, are full of feeling and exquisite in style, - his letters to his friends are delightful.
Generally speaking, during two-thirds of the year the temperature is really delightful; the nights are cool, the mornings bracing, the days mild though splendid.
Owing to its delightful situation amid beech forests and to its chalybeate waters, Doberan has become a favourite summer resort.
He impressed every one as a man of extraordinary acuteness and originality; and these solid gifts were set off to the highest advantage by quickness of thought and speech, a lucid style, wit and poetic fancy, and a social warmth which made him delightful as a friend and companion.
An exception must be made in the case of the delightful Hamilton's Bawn, and still more of the verses on his own death (), one of the most powerful and also one of the saddest of his poems. In The Legion Club of  he composed the fiercest of all his verse satires.
The delightful bedrooms are all individually styled, commanding views of the sea, the gardens or the wooded combe that flanks the hotel.
A wondrous display of fancy dress and masks were everywhere - the colors and glorious efforts made by everyone were truly delightful.
From this stunning location, guests will be able to appreciate the delightful countryside walks that abound from the doorstep of this lovely home-from-home.
The palate is medium bodied and zesty with a persistent mousse, crisp acidity and a delightful balance between red fruit and citrus flavors.
You can unwind in our comfortable lounge bar with a pre-dinner drink or relax in our delightful drawing room after a sumptuous repast.
Set in a large garden with lawns, it's almost completely secluded yet from its elevated location there are delightful sea views.
The Elan Valley is a haven for bird watchers in our delightful countryside, for the dedicated enthusiast or the casual day tripper.
Last Saturday our kind teachers planned a delightful trip to Bedloe's Island to see Bartholdi's great statue of Liberty enlightening the world....
She was looking him over, noting that he had gained back the weight and muscle tone, and that he looked delightful again.
For some months he found amusement in the preparation of the delightful Memoirs () from which most of our knowledge of his personal history is derived; but his letters to friends in England, written between  and  occasionally betray a slight but unmistakable tone of ennui.
From the Khingan ranges to the Pacific, south of the Amur, stretch the rich districts of Manchuria, a province which connects Russia with the Korea by a series of valleys formed by the Sungari and its affluents - a land of hill and plain, forest and swamp, possessing a delightful climate, and vast undeveloped agricultural resources.
He had a wealth of happy stories which made him the most delightful of companions in the homes of his people.
A close observer of the multifarious low life of Hungary, Mikszath has, in his short stories, given a delightful yet instructive picture of all the minor varied phases of the peasant life of the Sla y s, the Palocok, the Saxons, the town artisan.
The village, which is connected by stage with the station, is situated at the junction of two valleys and commands delightful views of mountain scenery.
In addition to the park in the south-western district, Frankfort possesses two delightful pleasure grounds, which attract large numbers of visitors, the Palmengarten in the west and the zoological garden in the east of the city.
It is the Tsure-zure-gusa (Materials/or Dispelling Ennui), by KenkO-bOshi, described by Mr Aston as one of the most delightful oases in Japanese literature; a collection of short sketches, anecdotes and essays on all imaginable subjects, something in the manner of Seldens Table Talk.
It was he who gave their first really artistic impulse to the kilns of Awata, Mizoro and Iwakura, whence so many delightful specimens of faience issued almost without interruption until the middle of the th century and continue to issue to-day.
Leaving out the maritime provinces, southern Ontario, southern Alberta and the Pacific coast region on the one hand, and the Arctic north, particularly near Hudson Bay, on the other, Canada has snowy and severe winters, a very short spring with a sudden rise of temperature, short warm summers, and a delightful autumn with its " Indian summer."
Nothing can be more delightful than the reports I receive of the sensibility manifested by the inhabitants to this change in their circumstances.
The climate of eastern Bokhara and Darwaz is delightful in summer, and Dr Regel writes of its Alpine scenery and flora in terms of enthusiastic admiration.
It consists of some translations of Livy and Seneca, and of a very large number of interesting and admirably written letters, many of which are addressed to Peiresc, the man of science of whom Gassendi has left a delightful Latin life.
This section continues for a good mile and rewards you with excellent views across the Sound plus some delightful woodland dells.
After a delightful nutmeg on Rochdale's Gary Jones, the Swansea midfielder was unlucky to see his shot rise above the Rochdale crossbar.
Two hours out of Heathrow breakfast was served with two hot choices, either grilled beef sausage or a delightful vol-au-vent with scrambled eggs.
Villa St Pons is a modern villa situated on the edge of a delightful medieval hilltop villa St Pons is a modern villa situated on the edge of a delightful medieval hilltop village.
In the early summer pied flycatchers breed and you'll see and hear several varieties of warbler including the delightful wood warbler.
Francois le champi and La Petite Fadette are of no less exquisite workmanship. Les Maitres sonneurs () - the favourite novel of Sir Leslie Stephen - brings the series of village novels to a close, but as closely akin to them must be mentioned the Contes d'une grande-mere, delightful fairy tales of the Talking Oak, Wings of Courage and Queen Coax, told to her grandchildren in the last years of her life.
Some of the more important of his contributions to Blackwood were embodied in two delightful volumes, The Book Hunter () and The Scot Abroad ().
It suddenly occurred to me that he might make a delightful pet; so I seized him by the tail with both hands and carried him home.
But what is best of all," he went on, his excitement subsiding under the delightful interest of his own story, "is that the sergeant in charge of the cannon which was to give the signal to fire the mines and blow up the bridge, this sergeant, seeing that the French troops were running onto the bridge, was about to fire, but Lannes stayed his hand.
The National Trust now own the nearby headland, Sandsend Ness, where there is a delightful nature trail in the old quarry pits.
They have a green slime on top of the fruiting body which smells revolting to us, but which flies think is delightful !
Set in a large garden with lawns, it 's almost completely secluded yet from its elevated location there are delightful sea views.
Inside you can enjoy the comfort of our splendid Lounge or unwind over a drink in our delightful Lounge Bar.
The Paw Princess carrier comes in a delightful bubble gum pink, and it is a surefire way to get kitty noticed at cat shows.
The Adventures of Milo and Otis is a delightful video narrated by Dudley Moore featuring the antics of lifelong friends, Milo the cat and Otis the dog.
From their unique personality and delightful characteristics to their interesting history and charming traits, there are many fascinating facts about Siamese cats.
Wildlife artist Glenn Monroe partnered with writer Colleen Monroe to create a delightful story about a large pine that wants to be a holiday tree.
A favorite of the Sunday brunch crowds, the Bloody Mary is a delightful drink for people who don't like sweet alcoholic beverages.
They look wonderful in a room decorated in the style of the couch or in a delightful mixture of eclectic pieces.
Oh, the weather outside is frightful…so what you need are some delightful ideas to turn your home into warm and cozy haven from that winter wonderland brewing outside your window.
At first I found the loose powder falling on my lashes as an irritation, but then later decided the look was rather delightful.
Gifts in jars recipes can include a bottle of infused vinegar or flavored oil or a delightful bit of jam.
This is supposed to be the best time of year, so indulge in it, and knowing how to relax during the holidays can help you make the most of them in a delightful and memorable way.
While an outdoor wedding, with its open spaces and natural beauty, can be delightful, it's not always the best choice.
They also display it in a room that would be delightful anywhere from Florida to New York, and California to Connecticut.
You can't stop April showers, but designer slickers can make playing in the rain a delightful experience for your favorite girl.
Of all children's clothes, toddlers' party dresses are probably the most fun and delightful to shop for, whether for your own child or someone else's.
Whether for Easter or an afternoon party, toddler girls' spring dresses are as delightful to see on little girls as they are for the girls to wear.
If you need something totally delightful in infants/toddlers sizes, try Old Navy striped plush socks, which come in a package with a pair of purple striped and a pair of pink striped plush socks.
Layers of tulle, lace, metallic materials, shimmering silks and sparkling gowns are just some of the instruments this retailer uses to inspire designs and create the most delightful party apparel for children.
It's always fun to dress a baby for her first holiday, and the selection of infant Easter dresses you can buy is delightful.
Moreover, Biscotti's Kate Mack brand is responsible for some of the most delightful and highly applauded swimwear items in girls' fashion.
Particularly popular from northern ports during the winter busy season, the eastern Caribbean offers a delightful tropical getaway suitable for any cruiser.
Unfortunately, most departure ports are distinctly opposite the delightful lushness of the ships they service, but with proper preparation travelers can start their vacation off without a hitch.
With proper planning to choose the best cruise line and itinerary, family cruises can be a delightful experience for young and old.
Southern Caribbean cruises are a pleasant alternative to more crowded Caribbean routes, yet they still offer a wide range of distinctive ports and delightful tropical destinations.
With many different options for delightful cruises, any passenger can find a Mediterranean cruise to suit their interests and travel plans.
If you're not already daunted by these facts, read on to learn how to groom this delightful yet high maintenance breed.
On grassy banks, on turfy bosses near the roots of lawn-trees, or in meadows near the house, their effect is delightful.
The fragrance of these flowers is delightful; they are readily increased by division, and grow with such rapidity that in the course of a few years they may be increased to almost any extent.
Scaber is a delightful old climber for walls, trellises, and pillars, its orange-red flowers are beautiful, and its rambling shoots graceful.
Campanula Abietina - Forms close mats of leaves  inches high, and gives a delightful lot of open starry reddish-purple flowers in May, on wiry stems  inches high.
Rush-leaved Flag (Iris Juncea) - A lovely bulbous Iris, graceful in habit and with bright yellow flowers of a delightful fragrance, whilst it can be grown almost as easily as the English Irises.
It is also a delightful plant in a pot, as the flowers on their crimson stems are pretty, and one gets also the prettily tinted leaves.
Associated with the best Scillas, Leucojum vernum, Iris reticulata, dwarf Daffodils, and the like, T. uniflora is delightful, and is equally useful for the rock garden, borders, or edgings.
There is a quiet beauty about the more select Starworts, which is charming in the autumn days, and their variety of color, of form, and of bud and blossom is delightful.
Although silver can harmonize with many types of stones and materials in a rings, some gems are more commonly used than others, popular because of the delightful visual appeal when combines with silver.
Diamond cut  karat gold endless hoops sparkle as they catch the light adding a delightful touch to these striking earrings.
An exquisite new addition to the family of elegant pearl jewelry, a chocolate pearl ring feels fabulous to wear and is delightful to look at.
Each product they sell comes in delightful packaging that features an American Gothic "Pa" Newman and his daughter Nell in costumes that reflect the era.
When you outfit your garden, make it delightful not just for you, but also for any guests you may have.
In this LoveToKnow Seniors interview, Arkansas native and world traveler Glidewell spreads the joyous philosophy of this delightful "dis-organization" and explains why she hopes her book will be helpful to others in their journeys.
The Raging Bull roller coaster is a terrifying and delightful ride at Six Flags Great America and one that is sure to continue encouraging riders to test the limits of their fear for many years to come.
This theme park is a throwback to the old school style of amusements with action packed rides, fun and delightful entertainment, and plenty of attractions for the little ones.
All-Star Movies Resort – Decorated with larger than life Disney figures from Woody and Buzz to Fantasia to the Dalmatians, this resort offers delightful fun for the imagination.
This easy drinking wine provides an unpretentious accompaniment to appetizers or a meal, and serves as a delightful sipping wine in its own right.
I've had delightful experiences at St. Orres and Cafe Beaujolais so I'm sure there are plenty that will sate your palate.
In turn, these little pockets of fat will, as the piecrust cooks, create the flaky layers that make the difference between a passable pie and a great and delightful pie.
So pull up a chair to the kitchen table and let us have a short, delightful lesson in the art of the pancake.
As the park is free and the music as well, it can be an inexpensive and delightful way to spend a day.
This Full Cut French Bottom matches the halter flower print top and is delightful with its high waist and even higher leg openings that create the illusion of longer legs.
Bright in their design and delightful in their whimsy, it's no wonder that these are some of the most popular swim trunks around!
Many shops also offer mesh or sheer swim wear, which is obviously only good for places that allow beach nudity, but still offers a delightful illusion.
Not only will you find a delightful red and blue bikini, but you’ll also be happy to see that the swimsuit bottom of this style is cut very high on the leg.
The best choices you can make for kids' bathing suits are simply-cut suits in lively patterns that will make the day that much more delightful.
Then, using a waterfall technique, it cascades into the pool, making for a delightful swimming experience that will keep you in the water every warm day.
Each swim look seems to be imbued with an easy, yet intense beauty that women everywhere will find is easy, and delightful, to replicate.
One delightful thing about this toy is that unlike many products where you have to buy the toy, and then various accessories, everything you need comes with it already.
There is one steadfast s fashion designer crime that should be burned or buried should you ever come across it while digging through a delightful treasure of vintage frocks.
It's easy to create a warm, inviting décor scheme with the season's rich and vibrant colors Two different Shades of Autumn collections are available to help fill your home with delightful autumn color.
In addition, there is a wonderful explanation of world traditions for this special time of year that can put a delightful spin on your own Christmas dinner, conversation, and games later in the day.
The only thing more touching than the popular holiday song featured on the card is the delightful squirrel running around your computer screen collecting jingle bells like they were acorns.
You can choose from charming red rompers with attached belts and hats or buntings that feature delightful pompom buttons and fur-trimmed chapeaus.
There are others, and the book provides a method for systematic stimulation of the erogenous zones that creates a delightful state of arousal.
For example, if your date mentions that his dog is a delightful creature, respond with something like, "You seem to take great pleasure in your pet."
While Harry Winston rings are primarily designed with diamonds, there are also delightful choices involving rubies, emeralds, pearls, and sapphires for more colorful combinations.
Hollywood jewelry refers to the baubles that are featured in movies and television shows, worn by characters as they become engaged, marry, or just enjoy a delightful night on the town.
With so many promise ring meanings to choose from, this type of symbolic jewelry can be a delightful gift for many different occasions and relationships.
This can be delightful on a deep dish apple pie, and nobody will ever know you made your crust so sinfully thick just to facilitate handling.
The Epicurious.com website includes some delightful corn bread recipes for stuffing such as their Cornbread-Stuffed Cornish Game Hens with Corn Maque Choux and Herb and Bacon Corn-Bread Stuffing.
But if you're a fan of the Gucci signature line, then why not exchange those delightful "Gs" for a couple of "Cs"?
There's also a delightful Hawaiian pattern available in Pink Aloha, Orange Juice Aloha, and Cobalt Aloha that's perfect for travel.
Chore-Worksheets for Kids- You'll discover some interesting books, fantastic pictures, delightful posters, informative, educational and entertaining websites and other resources - and a lot more.
Fans of Nelsan Ellis, the delightful actor behind Lafayette crossed their fingers and hoped, after all, series differences existed between the first book and the first season, so perhaps there could be hope for Lafayette.
Jimmy Lou told me that her previous job (for  years) had been "to screen pap smears, so it's so delightful to be working with beads now".
A travel agent will be glad to assist you and may know some special packages that can get your airfare and hotel accommodations at a delightful spring break travel discount.
Saint-Saëns' Carnival of the Animals is a delightful classical music piece that interprets animal sounds and motions through the orchestra's music.
Nothing feels as sumptuous and as delightful as slipping on a nightgown that has a matching robe; this style can help you to appear more polished and confident, particularly if you happen to have visiting guests.
A thoroughly delightful concoction of sheer floral print stretch, racy side slits and matching panties makes this look an absolute dream!
In the second installment of the Harry Potter book series the author's style is as delightful and smart as the first novel.
Narnia is populated with delightful and magical characters, including the first resident Lucy meets, the faun Mr. Tumnus, with the torso of a human and the lower half of a goat.
The handsome Cary Elwes and the naturally stunning Robin Wright couple well and there is nothing more delightful than Wallace Shawn, Mandy Patinkin and Andre the Giant as the misfit trio.
Expect fresh ingredients, tasty vegetarian (and vegan) options and a delightful dining experience you will not soon forget in this beachside bistro.
My dear, do I have the honor of finally meeting the famous psychic tipster or were you but the helper of the young mother who died so suddenly in that delightful New Hampshire town?
She gave in to the rush of desire, knowing that wherever he led, she could count on an utterly delightful experience.
There were things he still needed to sort out and Carmen was a distraction – a delightful one for sure, but a distraction all the same.
Of the shorter poems, besides the greeting to Pippin on his return from the campaign against the Avars (), an epistle to David (Charlemagne) incidentally reveals a delightful picture of the poet living with his children in a house surrounded by pleasant gardens near the emperor's palace.
He must always be read, whether lovingly or interestedly, for he has all the variable charm, the strange saturninity, the contradictions, austerities and delightful surprises, of Nature herself.
In these his language is vigorous and dignified; he states the results of his labour and thought with freshness and lucidity; tells numberless stories in a most delightful manner, and exhibits a wonderful talent for the representation of personal character; the many portraits of historic persons of all orders which he draws in these prefaces are as brilliant in execution as they are exact and convincing.
Bolingbroke's conversation, described by Lord Chesterfield as "such a flowing happiness of expression that even his most familiar conversations if taken down in writing would have borne the press without the least correction," his delightful companionship, his wit, good looks, and social qualities which charmed during his lifetime and made firm friendships with men of the most opposite character, can now only be faintly imagined.
In the west the climate is generally delightful, it being there greatly affected by the warm, dry " Chinook " wind which blows from the Pacific Ocean; to some extent the wind modifies the temperature nearly to the eastern border.
It is built on a picturesque promontory which separates the waters of Green Bay from Little Bay de Noquette, and its delightful summer climate, wild landscape scenery and facilities for boating and trout fishing make it a popular summer resort.
But the Frenchman Budaeus wrote an execrable Latin style, unreadable then as now, while the Teuton Erasmus charmed the reading world with a style which, though far from good Latin, is the most delightful which the Renaissance has left us.
The delightful scenery of mountains, lakes, streams and woodlands gives to the greater part of New Hampshire, which is in the New England physiographic province, the appearance of a vast and beautiful park; and the state is a favourite summer resort.
In  he published his first book, Within and Without, a dramatic poem; following it in  with a volume of Poems, and in  by the delightful " faerie romance Phantastes.
The sweetness and purity of his nature combined with his brilliant conversational powers to render him the most delightful of friends and companions.
He and his sister removed in July  to Alfoxden, near Nether Stowey, to be in Coleridge's neighbourhood, and in the most delightful and unrestrained intercourse the friends spent many happy days.
From these beginnings, owing mainly to the expansion of the important suburb of Charlottenburg, has resulted a complete transformation of the eastern part of the Grunewald into a picturesque and delightful villa suburb, which is connected by railway, steamtramway and a magnificent boulevard - the Kurfiirstendammwith the city.
The Canzoniere is therefore one long melodious monody poured from the poet's soul, with the indefinite form of a beautiful woman seated in a lovely landscape, a perpetual object of delightful contemplation.
The glens and ravines on the hillside are often thickly wooded, and offer a delightful contrast to the open downs.
The pier, built originally in , but since then greatly extended, forms a delightful promenade half a mile in length.
As a writer in his own tongue he at once gained a high position by his excellent and delightful Relations of Travel in Norway and South Germany.
The city is built on ground sloping gently to the water's edge, and commands delightful views of the bay, in which there are several islands.
Gilbert White's daily life was practically unbroken by any great changes or incidents; for nearly half a century his pastoral duties, his watchful country walks, the assiduous care of his garden, and the scrupulous posting of his calendar of observations made up the essentials of a full and delightful life, but hardly of a biography.
There were things he still needed to sort out and Carmen was a distraction â€“ a delightful one for sure, but a distraction all the same.
Jimmy Hill What makes this game so delightful is that when both teams get the ball they are attacking their opponents goal.
Lorna plays both the clarsach and the Scottish fiddle and the Smith's excellent acoustics made the most of her delightful music.
We conclude the day with a sightseeing stroll through this delightful old Kentish town of historic buildings bordering the wide Main Street.
Elgar's Serenade was given a delightful performance, with springy rhythms in the first movement and eloquently expressive phrasing in the Larghetto.
They have a green slime on top of the fruiting body which smells revolting to us, but which flies think is delightful!
There is also a colorful marina, with delightful riverside walks to enjoy, including an RSPB bird sanctuary and nature reserve.
The house is situated at the head of the beautiful vale of Dacre, down which it commands an extensive and delightful prospect.
It frequently happens that the perfume of a flower or the flavour of a fruit recalls to her mind some happy event in home life, or a delightful birthday party.
Just like a human, he was sometimes delightful to be around and other times you wanted to bang on the aquarium glass until his eardrums exploded.
While traditional colorless diamonds may be the most popular choice for engagement rings and other diamond jewelry, pink diamonds are becoming more sought after as unique and delightful options for creative pieces.
What makes the look delightful and saves it from being slightly childish is the fact that the colors are actually various shades of purple that run from the deepest indigo, to the palest of violets.
The scenery in and about the city is noted for its picturesqueness, and this, with its delightful summer climate and historic interest, attracts a large number of visitors during the summer season.
His Scholia to ' The stories, including the delightful history of the courting of Rebekah by proxy, are due to the oldest narrators.
Although delightful and bath-worthy, scented soaps can linger and may interfere with the use of perfume or skin scents, so bare in mind that lathering up with a scented or perfumed soap may have a lasting effect on your skin.
An abbreviation of this work, which as a book of travel is even more delightful than its predecessors, was published in , shortly after the author's death, with a brief introductory notice by Lord Aberdare.
SaintSimon is described as the most estimable and lovable of men, and the most delightful in his relations; he is the worthiest of philosophers.
In this exquisite and ingenious kind of work the design appears to be growing up from the depths of the metal, and a delightful impression of atmosphere and water is obtained.
Its gateway, Elsinore, is a medieval reproduction; other prominent features are the reservoirs, which resemble natural lakes, and a high water tower, from which there is a delightful view.
His day was thus one of incessant mental activity; but hard work was so far from breeding a distaste for his occupation, that reading and writing grew ever more delightful to him (literarum assiduitas non modo mihi fastidium non pant, sed voluptatem; crescit scribendo scribendi studium).
Several days of festivity and merry-making followed, for such old friends did not often meet and there was much to be told and talked over between them, and many amusements to be enjoyed in this delightful country.
