
A widespread toxic action is indicated by the lesions found - cloudy swelling, which may be followed by fatty degeneration, in internal organs, capillary haemorrhages, &c. In septicaemia.
Unpasteurized apple cider vinegar is a golden brown color and has cloudy sediment at the bottom of the bottle known as mother of vinegar.
When you first see the cloudy looking vinegar you may wonder if it's spoiled, but the Mother is a substance that grows on fermenting alcoholic liquids.
When the mucus changes from a cloudy, tacky substance to a clear, slippery substance, you are nearing ovulation and at your most fertile.
Marital property rights may become cloudy in a case where a co-mingling of separate property and marital property has occurred.
There is also the problem of not enough sunlight on cloudy days and at night, although some recent technological advances have improved cloudy issues.
Due to concerns about cloudy days and to keep costs low, many homeowners prefer to stay on the main power grid as well to provide a back up.
Another new technology allows solar cells and panels to collect enough energy to power your home even on cloudy days.
For example, solar energy needs lengthy amounts of sunshine to generate energy, although recent breakthroughs mean solar energy can be harvested on cloudy days.
If you are considering a switch to solar power, explore some of the newer innovations and solar systems that allow for cloudy day usage without sacrificing power production.
A cloudy setting (even on a sunny day) will produce a warmer looking photo, whereas an auto setting will produce a cooler looking photo.
Mount Potts uses the Two Thumb and Cloudy Peak ranges, which are the highest heli skiing mountains in New Zealand.
More music followed, including a promotional single for the feature film Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs titled "Raining Sunshine" which Miranda recorded.
Amber lenses will help you to see variations in terrain even in bright weather, while a yellow lens is more appropriate for cloudy and rainy days.
Absorption of UV rays by the lens of the eye causes the normally clear lens to become cloudy, thus decreasing vision overall.
Liquid Lens is a popular "As Seen on TV" produce designed to remove scratches from eyeglasses and restore cloudy lenses.
Other rare side effects include yellow skin or eyes, unusual bleeding or bruising, weakness, fatigue, bloody or black stools, bloody or cloudy urine, and a sudden decrease in the amount of urine.
In children it may cause fever and systemic symptoms, but in adults it causes only cloudy, burning, and frequent urine.
Contact lens wearers should seek immediate attention if they experience eye pain, a burning sensation, red eyes, intolerable sensitivity to light, cloudy vision, or an inability to keep the eyes open.
A doctor or other healthcare provider should be contacted whenever urination becomes painful or the voided urine is cloudy or bloody, or when a child complains of pain when voiding urine.
If you have a plastic pitcher, running it through the dishwasher will eventually cause it to get cloudy instead of remaining crystal clear.
This means that the candles may not produce much candle light or stay alight for long in less than full sunlight and may produce no light at all in cloudy conditions.
From the constant drizzle and cloudy skies which dampens spirits to the long hours put in by Microsoft employees-finding someone in the Emerald City isn't easy.
Some people would even say that a good quality cubic zirconia has more fire and sparkle than a low grade diamond that may be cloudy and dull.
However, just as you will find inferior quality cloudy white diamonds with many inclusions, so you will find inferior quality colored diamonds.
A large cloud, on the other hand, will affect the clarity and depending on how cloudy the diamond appears, dramatically affect the market value of the stone.
However just as you will find inferior quality cloudy white diamonds with many inclusions, so you will find inferior quality colored diamonds.
The volcanic series include the rhyolite of Nell Island, some obsidian, and the sheets of basalts which form the Cloudy Mountains, Mount Dayman and Mount Trafalgar (an active volcano), and also cover wide areas to the south and west of the Owen Stanley Range.
Some of the slightly cloudy Ceylon sapphires, usually of greyish-blue colour, display when cut with a convex face a chatoyant luminosity, sometimes forming a luminous star of six rays, whence they are called "star sapphires".
The north-east, including the Pennine Region and the whole of Yorkshire, has less than  hours of sunshine, and a portion of North Wales is equally cloudy.
In time, however, he perceives that behind the fantastic garb of language there is an earnest and vigorous mind, an imagination that harbours fire within its cloudy folds, and an insight into the mysteries of spiritual life which is often startling.
Thus if on a certain occasion the rise of the new moon in a cloudy sky was followed by victory over an enemy or by abundant rain, the sign in question was thus proved to be a favourable one and its recurrence would be regarded as a good omen, though the prognostication would not necessarily be limited to the one or the other of those occurrences, but might be extended to apply to other circumstances.
Small Whites and Common Blues were common on the Adur levels on a day too breezy for the downs, and cloudy.
The subdued lighting in this picture captures the effect of a cloudy overcast sky which is common in the winter months.
Some drizzle also fell over N England and E Scotland, and it remained rather misty across England under the cloudy skies.
The changes produced at a distance by distribution of toxins may be very manifold - cloudy swelling and fatty degeneration, serous effusions, capillary haemorrhages, various degenerations of muscle, hyaline degeneration of small blood-vessels, and, in certain chronic diseases, waxy degeneration, all of which may be widespread, are examples of the effects of toxins, rapid or slow in action.
Toward midnight, after he had left the countess' apartments, he was sitting upstairs in a shabby dressing gown, copying out the original transaction of the Scottish lodge of Freemasons at a table in his low room cloudy with tobacco smoke, when someone came in.
A sunny afternoon, the stratocumulus cloud then increasing to give a cloudy evening with light drizzle by the end of the period.
The sun can damage the skin even on cloudy days, so people should get in the habit of using a sunscreen every day.
In the cloudy night sky one lone comet soaring among a few falling stars could be quite breathtaking in fine design.
Did you know that Miranga Cosgrove has music videos outside of the iCarly sensation, like Raining Sunshine featured in Cloudy With A Chance of Meatballs?
One of the most important steps you can take to avoid getting this disease is to wear sunscreen of at least SPF  each and every day, even when it's cloudy and even when it's cold.
As she hopped the short distance from rocks to the ground leading up to the compound, she caught the silhouettes of two men against the cloudy sky.
Although of reduced strength in the summer, they still suffice to dominate weather changes; it is during the approach of a low pressure centre that hot southerly winds prevail; they sometimes reach so high a temperature as to wither and blight the grain crops; and it is almost exclusively in connection with the cloudy areas near and south-east of these cyclonic centres that violent thunderstorms, with their occasional destructive whirling tornadoes, are formed.
Absolutely colourless stones are not so common as cloudy and faintly coloured specimens; the usual tints are grey, brown, yellow or white; and as rarities, red, green, blue and black stones have been found.
The maximum number of "rainy" days (with a rainfall of more than o oi in.) rarely approaches ioo at the most unfortunate locality; for the whole state the average of perfectly "clear" days is normally above %, of "partly cloudy" above , of "cloudy" under , of "rainy" still less.
Twothirds of the days of the year are cloudy; on about  days in the year it rains or snows; the normal rainfall is . in., the extreme recorded rainfall (in ) is . in.
During the transplanting, preferably done on cloudy days or during light rains, the plants must be handled very carefully; machines are now available which can set out and water plants over from two to six acres in a working day.
Early in May, the oaks, hickories, maples, and other trees, just putting out amidst the pine woods around the pond, imparted a brightness like sunshine to the landscape, especially in cloudy days, as if the sun were breaking through mists and shining faintly on the hillsides here and there.
He'd left her there.  She cursed herself for insisting on resting and paused, looking up at the cloudy sky visible through the overhead canopy.
Cloudy amber maybe clarified in an oil-bath, as the oil fills the numerous pores to which the turbidity is due.
Thus clear liquor alone is run off, and the mud and cloudy liquor at the bottom of the tank are left undisturbed, and discharged separately as required.
The mountains also introduce controls over the local winds; diurnal warming in summer suffices to cause local ascending breezes which frequently become cloudy by the expansion of ascent, even to the point of forming local thunder showers which drift away as they grow and soon dissolve after leaving the parent mountain.
Dawn had come an hour earlier but only just managed to push away the shadows of night from the cloudy mountain hiding place that had become her home.
As I walk along the stony shore of the pond in my shirt-sleeves, though it is cool as well as cloudy and windy, and I see nothing special to attract me, all the elements are unusually congenial to me.
In spite of the cloudy weather and the threat of rain, Dean ended the daylight hours listening to the hum of his bike tires on the country roads west of Parkside.
Monica Cutler looked up from her desk, a broad smile spreading across her face, brightening up the bleakness of the cloudy day.

