
Sentences
Andre was dressed in cashmere and wool, his hair kept short and neat, his loafers more expensive than Kris's conference room had cost to build.
This is expensive, but is made necessary by the small amount of material to be handled at any given point.
A slender lady dressed in an expensive looking dark suit swung out of the car and stood, slowly shutting the door.
Under Louis Savoy began to decline, for he was indolent, incapable, and entirely ruled by his wife, Anne of Lusignan, daughter of the king of Cyprus, an ambitious and intriguing woman; she induced him to fit out an expensive expedition to Cyprus, which brought him no advantage save the barren title of king of Cyprus, Jerusalem and Armenia.
Both slings and carriers can become expensive, depending on the brand chosen, but they also offer parents a hands-free method of carrying their infant around the house while executing tasks and chores.
The subdrift system requires a smaller amount of narrow work in excavating the necessary haulage roads, and is therefore better adapted to hard ores in which such narrow work is expensive.
Always in pecuniary straits through his extravagance, he pursued a foreign policy which would have been expensive under the most careful management.
The wet refining process is more tedious and expensive, and is only exceptionally employed, as in the case of preparing the pure metal or its salts for pharmaceutical or chemical purposes.
The mode of winning by level is of less general application than that by shafts, as the capacity for production is less, owing to the smaller size of roadways by which the coal must be brought to the surface, levels of large section being expensive and difficult to keep open when the mine has been for some time at work.
At that point, however, quartz and even atmospheric air become strongly absorbent and the expensive fluorspar becomes the only medium that can be used.
It will be readily understood from the above account of the process of production that optical glass, relatively to other kinds of glass, is very expensive, the actual price varying from s.
In the South Staffordshire and other Midland coalfields, where only shallow pits are required, and the coals are thick, a pair of pits may be sunk for a very few acres, while in the North of England, on the other hand, where sinking is expensive, an area of some thousands of acres may be commanded from the same number of pits.
It is sometimes alleged by native Indian politicians that famines are growing worse under British rule, because India is becoming exhausted by an excessive land revenue, a civil service too expensive for her needs, military expenditure on imperial objects, and the annual drain of some ,, for "home charges."
I do not mean that exactly, but I mean something which he might think a good deal like that; I mean that they should not play life, or study it merely, while the community supports them at this expensive game, but earnestly live it from beginning to end.
The rapid growth of the city, the character of the soil, and the high prices of material for street construction have led to a large and expensive civic organization.
In proportioning the quantities of matrix to aggregate the ideal to be aimed at is to get a concrete in which the voids or air-spaces shall be as small as possible; and as the lime or cement is usually by far the most expensive item, it is desir able to use as little of it as is consistent with strength.
But this basicity implies that for each part of the silica or silicic acid which inevitably results from the oxidation of the silicon of the pig iron, the cinder shall contain some three parts of iron oxide, itself a valuable and expensive substance.
Dressed in a mock turtleneck of some expensive fabric and slacks, the seated Immortal was relaxed and bright-eyed, despite accompanying them on the hunt that led them to the meat locker a couple of hours ago.
Maybe it was the faint smell of expensive cologne, or the feel of his warm hand through her blouse, or even the fact that it had been so long since anyone had taken an interest in her work.
It's expensive, but to borrow a phrase from a rather different product, it does what it says on the tin.
Landfills are expensive to operate and require aftercare for many years following closure, in order to monitor leachate and gases such as methane.
This approach is becoming increasingly popular in Organic Chemistry as an alternative to the used of expensive chiral catalysts and auxiliaries.
The reason why offset mortgages are not the obvious choice for everyone is due to the fact that they are more expensive to run.
Second, the application of a custom made anti-reflection coating is an expensive process which furthermore risks damaging the diode laser unit.
This expedition has clearance from the Chinese authorities to climb the North col without the need for a highly expensive Everest permit.
Model descriptions are create using conventional CAD tools, and the data produced is used to drive large, expensive model building machines.
It is not expensive to buy the corms every year and this ensures that you will get to enjoy the beautiful flowers.
Effings on the High Street is an expensive and high class delicatessen where lunch consists of quality deli fare sourced from around the world.
Most doctors treating heroin dependency prescribe methadone, a less expensive synthetic opiate requiring a single daily dose to prevent withdrawal symptoms.
The Internet Activation process used by the vast majority of developers is highly expensive, and comes from well established, experienced third-party developers.
During periods of high prices, some forms of cover may be unavailable, or it may be deemed too expensive by the insured.
Pegasus Aviation Pegasus make the rag and tube AX range, plus the extremely fast, very pretty and alarmingly expensive fully composite CTK.
Fischer was reclusive, socially gauche and a slave to chess, tho his other interests included expensive suits, money and rock.
These dressings do have minimal problems of adherence and are far superior to the paraffin gauze products, but are very expensive.
Oil bathed transmission and no belt concept linked with the exceptionally heavy duty construction makes expensive downtime a thing of the past.
They are expensive and if the weather is rough or too hot or you have over imbibed you will be wasting your money.
This presentation will explain how firms can remain cutting edge and simultaneously avoid expensive replacement costs by using enterprise application integration (EAI ).
Several of the outfits, Ignatius noticed, were new enough and expensive enough to be properly considered offenses against taste and decency.
Santa's most expensive outlay is accidental damage against all the toys in the world, which would cost him £  million.
Also young Simon Cole had a good game in goal, he certainly was n't overawed to be up against some expensive players.
I do not think this would be possible with a  pack enamel paint finish, which is much more expensive.
Fortrey created an expensive and sumptuous home that was extravagantly decorated with strapwork, magnificent molded plasterwork and detailed paint schemes.
There is a distinct feeling the entire computer industry has been fed quite a few rather expensive red herrings over the years!
Wattle hurdles for sheep fencing and garden use are available from hurdle makers, but are normally too expensive for bankside revetment work.
Cynics might claim that turning something that comes out of a tap into an expensive lifestyle choice is the ultimate marketing ruse.
These must have been expensive to make because they did not stay in production long and are comparatively scarce now.
The absorber construction material is usually carbon steel making the process less expensive in capital costs compared with wet scrubbers.
They have an annoying trait of always seeming to produce more cockerels than hens which makes them expensive to breed.
It is not economically sensible to require firms to bear the expensive of providing them with the detailed protections suitable for private individuals.
I assume the blind is incorporated into the rear parcel shelf, in which case it could get a bit expensive.
Early identification is a priority if the debilitating, disabling, life shortening and expensive consequences of severe COPD are to be avoided.
Imagine that you were buying an expensive dinner service from Royal Doulton, and you noticed a splodge on one of the plates.
The fully trained envelope stuffer sneaks off for expensive lunches, trips to the golf course, learning to fly aeroplanes etc.
They believe it will mean paying a monthly subscription, be expensive to install or have to be obtained from Sky.
The least expensive option is to construct shallow swales to deflect surface water to less obtrusive sections of the course.
Most engagement tanzanite rings are made in white gold with diamonds, both (tanzanite and diamonds) of which are quite expensive.
Pre-booked taxis are often a little more expensive, although as with all things in life, you only get what you pay for.
This ingenious Origin Live upgrade elevates a good tonearm into the same league as much more expensive arms and at an insignificant outlay.
Simple boxes do not require expensive tooling which makes them the most cost effective type of box for small quantity specialist needs.
Kids are expensive and I have little sympathy with those who refuse to contribute to the financial upkeep of their own children.
Shippers were rather tired of waterside wharves, with their lack of warehouse room, and lighterage was increasingly troublesome and expensive.
With some of the more expensive jackets (£  or more) you can expect the material to semi or totally windproof.
Richard Trevithick, indeed, had in  tried a high-pressure steam locomotive, with smooth wheels, on a plate-way near Merthyr Tydvil, but it was found more expensive than horses; John Blenkinsop in  patented an engine with cogged wheel and rack-rail which was used, with commercial success, to convey coal from his Middleton colliery to Leeds; William Hedley in  built two locomotives - Puffing Billy and Wylam Dilly - for hauling coal from Wylam Colliery, near Newcastle; and in the following year George Stephenson's first engine, the Blucher, drew a train of eight loaded wagons, weighing  tons, at a speed of  m.
The reply to this indictment is that the British land revenue is L,, annually, whereas Aurangzeb's over a smaller area, allowing for the difference in the value of the rupee, was X,,; though the Indian Civil Service is expensive, its cost is more than covered by the fact that India, under British guarantee, obtains her loans at % as against % or more paid by native rulers; though India has a heavy military burden, she pays no contribution to the British navy, which protects her seaboard from invasion; the drain of the home charges cannot be very great, as India annually absorbs  millions sterling of the precious metals; in -, a year of famine, the net imports of gold and silver were   o millions.
On music, hunting, expensive feasts and theatrical performances money was squandered, while, with unexampled optimism the pope was blind to the deadly earnestness of the times.
His domestic policy was severely equitable, and aimed at relieving the public burdens by limiting the privileges of foreign traders and abolishing a great many useless and expensive court offices.
Adulteration of expensive oil with cheaper oils is now more extensively practised, and such tests as the determination of the saponification value (see above) and of the optical rotation, and in special cases the isolation and quantitative determination of characteristic substances, leads in very many cases to reliable results.
These burners, or modifications of them, have also been applied to muffle furnaces, which are convenient when only a few assays have to be made - the furnace being a mere clay shell and soon brought to a working temperature; but the fuel is too expensive to allow of their being used habitually or on a large scale.
Then Henry Ford came along, followed by a host of others, and cars got better and better while getting less and less expensive.
There is a distinct feeling the entire computer industry has been fed quite a few rather expensive red herrings over the years !
Getting a search warrant is expensive and lots of hassle, and they need some initial evidence to get one of these anyway.
There are ski and snowboard rentals available here as well as lockers and food options; however, the coffee is somewhat expensive.
Moreover, declining library budgets mean that articles are not always readily available, and course packs can be expensive and time-consuming to produce.
The screw runs at up to  rpm to achieve a mixing performance that normally requires a more expensive twin-screw extruder.
Private travel clinics are an alternative, but they are very expensive and may not be well-informed about issues for people with HIV.
Scaling is largely about getting the word out about your product in a big way, and that kind of marketing and sales effort is very expensive.
The second most expensive activity is rolling out the distribution, service and support infrastructure to support the increased customer base.
Because personalized gifts are often more expensive than non-personalized ones, and personalized items can seldom be returned, it's a good idea to ensure that the gift will be appreciated.
Also keep in mind that baby care is more expensive than toddler and preschool care because baby centers are allowed to have fewer babies than toddlers or preschoolers, raising the per-child cost.
High quality breast pumps can be expensive, and some mothers will need to consult a lactation specialist due to breastfeeding complications.
So, don't feel guilty if your budget doesn't allow you to buy the latest fashions or the most unique items at expensive boutiques.
What's even better is that these department stores may drastically discount their more expensive lines of clothing at the end of each season.
Adopting an infant can be very expensive, but it doesn't always have to be, especially if you are adopting a minority child or a handicapped child.
Price baby formula and you will quickly find that breast milk, even with an expensive pump, starts to look like a bargain.
Costs-Pre-school costs can be expensive, so it's always a good idea to create a budget and stick to it when searching for the perfect pre-school for your baby.
Keep in mind that home daycares that only keep a small number of children will probably be more expensive than childcare centers, although this may not always be the case.
You may find that a nanny isn't that much more expensive, and you may prefer the option of keeping your children at home and away from other children.
When it comes to expensive technological devices such as baby cams and monitors, it can never hurt to run a little online research regarding your product options.
There are certain brands that make fresh refrigerated or frozen organic baby food, but unfortunately, these items are expensive, often too expensive for the average family.
However, these diapers are more expensive than the types of cloth diapers that require folding, which means that more people choose the folding versions in order to reduce costs.
Raising a baby from a child into adulthood is expensive, and while many people might imagine the baby years are the least costly, others would certainly disagree.
Buy in bulk-While Enfamil is certainly one of the most popular formulas, like any other formula, it can be expensive to purchase week after week.
Extra features found on more expensive strollers might include a canopy to keep the sun or rain off your child.
On the other hand, if you want to buy a sturdy, well-constructed desk that may be with you for decades, consider more expensive models.
The type with elastic at the corners is least expensive, but often the most difficult to fit over a mattress.
A first edition of John Kennedy Toole's classic "A Confederacy of Dunces" is going to be a very expensive rare book.
Standard computer keyboards are about  inches long connected to a port on the back of your computer and are the least expensive.
For now, however, you will find your choice limited to the more expensive TVs, including flat-panel sets and widescreen models.
So, in addition to considering the flavor you like best, you also may want to keep track of how expensive it will be to please your taste buds.
Handmade silver jewelry can be much more expensive than a similar item that has been made by a machine, or in other words, mass-produced.
You must follow the wash and care instructions from the manufacturer carefully, especially for expensive skirts made from silks and other natural fibers.
If you plan to be a serious collector and are collecting baseball cards for their value, you may want to first learn all about which teams and cards and series are popular and what makes one card more expensive than another.
Ask around and figure out the potential value of the card in detail before committing yourself to an expensive purchase.
If you want a camera that stores a couple hundred images, that is easy to operated and that fits into your pocket, then the less expensive models will suit you just fine.
If you think you will simply be shooting footage and then storing it on CDs or on your hard drive, with a minimum amount of editing, then you may want to go with a less elaborate, and less expensive digital camcorder.
On the other hand, if you plan to use the digital camcorder often and to make movies with it, you will want one of the more expensive models with semi-professional features.
If you're training for the next Iron Man competition, you may want to consider a sports watch that's a bit more elaborate and therefore, more expensive.
Aluminum baseball bats are usually more expensive, running anywhere between $ and $ (although often, top-of-the-line aluminum bats can run more than $!).
Perennials, which come back every year or don't die back in the winter, tend to be more expensive but are worth it in the long run because you don't have to replace them annually.
Values of the anniversary gift that you choose should reflect the significance of the years that have gone by, and mirror more expensive items or tastes.
Custom colors are more expensive because the printer must mix primary color combinations of black, blue, magenta and yellow, until he matches the desired color.
Keep in mind, however, that rental apartments positioned close to the beach are likely to be more expensive than those located just a short walk or drive away.
Manual transmission vehicles are usually lower in price and better in gas mileage, while automatics are more expensive and worse on gas.
Most websites offer free shipping if you purchase a certain amount, and generally the iPod Nano is expensive enough to take advantage of those offers.
Sometimes it is less expensive than traditional passes, so be sure to try it and see if you come out ahead.
By the time the vehicle wears down to where it becomes more expensive to maintain, you have saved money from monthly payments.
I personally prefer a good set of plastic birdies, but at the competition-level, they typically make use of the more expensive feathered-type shuttlecocks.
Regardless, the U gives you an extremely sturdy and robust player whose essential capabilities are on-par with more expensive players.
Furthermore, it is important to find the most recent editions of technical books - while older books may be less expensive, their information will not be as up-to-date and valuable as newer titles.
They are typically more expensive than other lubricants, but a single bottle can last longer because less is required with each use.
These types of TVs are the original, most common, and least expensive of all the styles available on the market.
Custom built frames will be more expensive, but you can get exactly what you what to fit any picture shape.
Locally grown trees may be more ecologically sound because they do not require extra transportation, and they may be less expensive than imported trees.
Individuals interested in less expensive trees may want to shop in late November or early December for the best selection and prices on real trees, while there are sales all season long on artificial trees.
Some people will likely receive more expensive gifts because you have a closer relationship with them, but do not let the budget spiral out of control in order to impress or astonish people with expensive gifts.
These can offer a good alternative to other forms of heating and if chosen correctly needn't be too expensive to run.
Power washers can be one of the most expensive electrical tools that a household might use, and to maximize the return on the investment it is important to ensure that the right power washer is purchased.
They are the most comfortable to sleep on, though they do weigh more than other futon mattresses and are also the most expensive.
If you only grill a few times during the summer, consider purchasing a less expensive model and purchase a nice cover to protect it.
Many less expensive gas grills can produce great meals and can last much longer than expected if they are protected from the elements year 'round.
Anything heavier is more expensive and a higher quality instrument, and those range in price from $ to several thousand dollars.
Buy several practice blades to use instead of practicing with the expensive broadhead tips.Experiment with your broadheads in different weather conditions, especially in the wind.
Engraved cards can be expensive, but they certainly show that you took the time and made the effort to send a quality card to close friends and family.
Those pillows made completely of down will be the most expensive; those made mostly of feathers will be much cheaper.
Recommended for gardening and trimming, this chainsaw offers a one-year warranty and is the least expensive option at about $.
On-board chargers are generally more expensive than the "portable" chargers and require a little more expertise to install and use.
It is an expensive component that can have a major impact on the life of your batteries, so you should maintain an objective and even-handed approach while looking over chargers.
If you've seen a flight price listed somewhere and call in to purchase your tickets, be sure to ask them if there's anything else that's even less expensive.
Shop for gemstone beads as a first step once you learn a bit of technique from other, less expensive beads.
They'll want you to go with the more expensive plasma, get brand new cables and other accessories, and use their installations services.
While it's good to take the salesperson's advice into consideration, if something doesn't feel quite right or they're pressuring you to buy a more expensive bike with specialties that exceed your needs, use your own judgment.
Will it be feasible to opt for more padding and less expensive carpet, or do you need the durability of the actual carpet to get the longevity you require?
Though aluminum cookware is some of the least expensive you can buy and therefore easiest on the budget of a college student or young professional just getting out on their own, if it's at all possible to skip aluminum pots and pans, do so.
If you choose the pressure assisted one, prepare for expensive maintenance, noisy flushes, and an up-front expense when you purchase the toilet.
Retail stores that almost everyone has heard of and that everyone tends to think of when they hear the words "hand tools" aren't always the least expensive.
Being a cigarette smoker requires a hefty salary, as it's an expensive habit that can rob you blind if you don't maintain a keen eye on your finances.
While you might need a slightly more expensive golf club set to impress the business set, other casual playing requirements can be satisfied with a simple mid-price selection.
It's expensive to repair a fiberglass kayak, but if you plan on taking care of the kayak and use it for touring or recreational purposes, then this material is right for you.
Once you get better and are able to enter tournaments, start purchasing more expensive cue that offer better balance and control and flexibility.
A hand or foot pump is less expensive, but takes longer to inflate the mattress.Some air mattresses come with a pump built into the mattress.
These kind of air mattresses are more expensive because of the extra parts, but are very convenient by saving space.
When you purchase a commercial property, it's going to be expensive to cover the mortgage without the building itself turning a profit.
You aren't getting your money's worth out of an expensive set of clubs if you only go once in a while.
One downside to OLED TVs are they are new and more expensive than LCD or plasmas, but the advantage is a sharper picture with deeper colors.
Wool is the most expensive and extravagant, but doesn't resist stains and dirt as well as other types of materials.
Over the years our readers have asked, "Where Can I Buy an Inexpensive Macintosh Computer" since Macs are notoriously expensive because of their connection with the Apple line of products.
People are always in the market for a discounted used computer, as new models are simply too expensive for most consumers.
Using a topper can be less expensive and can be moved  much more quickly and easily than standard memory foam beds.
As such, when you make a decision on the right printer for you, you don't want to just focus on buying the least expensive model--you want to focus on the one that will be the most cost effective in the long run.
While photo printers can usually be used for general-purpose printing as well, they may be more expensive than general purpose printers and the ink cartridges may also be more expensive for some models.
When you want to know, "Where can I buy the least expensive notebook?" your best bet is most likely going to involve comparison shopping online; it's wise to compare the online specials with coupons you get in the mail.
Buying CoolMax Memory Foam mattresses doesn't have to be an ordeal or expensive if you know how and where to shop.
While online, you can compare different products, find the newest releases and read about other customers experience with a product or company all of which is important when buying expensive electronic equipment.
Clear sheets and colored sheets tend to be cheaper than the specialty sheets, with the fluorescent and the mirrored sheets being the most expensive.
Sure, a Mac may be more expensive than comparable PC computers, but with only a little extra searching, you can knock a few hundred dollars without much trouble.
If you are looking for a less expensive computer to use in only one location for long periods of time, a desktop may be right for you.
While you can find parts less expensive when you buy in bulk, many offline and online retailers offer deep discounts even if you want to buy one or two computer parts for general use.
If you want to put on an expensive professional show, you can choose their "import fireworks" option, which costs approximately $, and allows you to purchase fireworks at their lowest possible prices.
Winning one of these games can net you prizes ranging in value from a $ stuffed toy to an expensive gaming system.
If you plan to purchase an expensive item, or a group of low-priced items, you can budget your funds accordingly.
The more features the laptop has, the more expensive it's going to be and in many cases, people tend to buy much more computer than they actually need.
While this offers increased flexibility and a more accurate solution to your needs, buying customized is more expensive and you'll usually have to wait a couple of weeks for the computer to be built and shipped.
Boats with motors require gas, which can become more expensive, especially if you are planning on using the boat every day or every weekend.
Some of the hottest gifts for the holiday season, like the iPad, tend to be a little bit more on the expensive side.
Maybe the products are too expensive or they'd like to shop there but don't have time; whatever the reason, a gift card to that store shows you listened to them, which is sometimes a gift in itself.
What if that gift card was from a hard to get in restaurant (additionally, make reservations a month or two down the road as an added bonus) or a store where the recipient wanted to shop at, but thought it was too expensive?
The basic Nook is available in either G or Wi-Fi models which are typically sold for less than the Nook Color, with the G being slightly less expensive than the Wi-Fi model.
At a minimum, units will cover up to half an acre while more expensive units will cover as much as  acres of your land.
Although more expensive than regular hard drives, many consumers are switching out their current hard drives in lieu of the SSD because of the lower chance of failure.
One thing you'll notice if you decide to check out the Emmi-dent for yourself is that the toothbrush costs more than other electronic toothbrushes and the toothpaste is more expensive than most other electronic toothbrush systems.
Using real human-grade meat is more expensive, as reflected in the price per bag, but the nutritional benefits should be well worth the additional cost.
They are one of the least expensive ways to provide bedding for your cat, but they do offer a minimal amount of comfort and cats seem to like them well enough.
Plug in the crockpot and you have a warm, comfortable smell wafting throughout your home that isn't overly pungent like some of those expensive wall-outlet units.
Small sizes run under $. US, and these glossy glazed bowls are just as bacteria resistant as their more expensive competitors.
Canned cat food containing chicken and seafood would be mostly chicken, again, since seafood would be the more expensive ingredient.
Purchasing multiples of common cat supplies can become rather expensive, especially if you're in the habit of buying the best of everything.
If your concern is the cost of the vaccinations, I would contact some local clinics and see if you can find a less expensive way to get her and her brother up to date on their shots.
Many of the less expensive foods are too high in carbohydrate content, too low in moisture content and not high enough in the right types of proteins to meet your cat's very unique nutritional needs.
Feeding most of the better cat foods is more expensive initially, but your cat will be healthier and have fewer problems over her lifetime.
With all the different options available, there is no need to shell out money for expensive and potentially hazardous commercial products.
You will likely notice right away that the most expensive models can actually be simpler in design than some of the cheaper options, but this is usually due to the environmentally-friendly construction.
This form of litter can also be more expensive than other types, and this makes it a prohibitive option for the average household.
It is probably safe to say that cat furniture is some of the more expensive cat products on the market.
While pet stores may offer a better selection, you will probably find a less expensive piece of furniture at a big box retailer.
Purchasing organic brands is a wise choice, but the downside of organic cat food is that it can be significantly more expensive than the commercial variety.
While it seems like getting a picture book online would be easy, it is actually rather expensive to make sure that the book and audio that go with it are good quality.
Cointreau is on the opposite end of the scale from some cheaper triple sec liqueurs since it is more expensive, has about twice the alcohol volume, and is extremely bitter on its own.
Prepaid calling cards eliminate the need to make collect calls, they erase the need to pay expensive surcharges for long distance calls made from hotels, and they usually provide the cheapest per-minute rates available.
Things like purchasing a prepaid card that does not work for the location you are calling can be an expensive proposition, so do read the fine print.
While any manner of financial planning is better than no preparation at all, hiring a consultant can be an expensive proposition and should be carefully investigated beforehand.
Because consulting services can be quite expensive and can lead to even further debt, it may be better to utilize other debt management services or become self-educated about how to reduce debt and budget household finances.
This method is the most secure for the cardholder; however, it is the most expensive for the bank to process.
The gift account can be sent as a gift through e-mail, making this a less expensive and quicker alternative to a Simon Card.
The only downside to giving gift cards is that they can be expensive and it is hard to find discounts on them.
One of the key benefits of a reloadable debit card is that it can be far less expensive to use than other financial products and services.
In other words, be sure that the savings of a low per-transaction fee are not offset by an expensive monthly equipment rental charge.
The French cash cards were very expensive to produce and quickly were replaced by the telephone-based communication process of the American designers.
Dealing with expensive repairs to a rental car can be stressful, especially since it is easy to avoid running into this problem.
If you choose the least expensive service, you cannot expect the same level of protection and service that is offered to customers who purchase top of the line monitoring services.
Likewise, hiring an attorney who charges a small hourly rate but is unfamiliar with divorce law and/or your local court can be very expensive.
For this reason, the mediation process is generally quicker and less expensive than hiring lawyers to work out the details of a divorce settlement.
Since divorce is an expensive proposition, you will need to keep an eye on costs; information is provided about how to keep your legal fees down.
When consulting with a family law attorney, keep in mind that it is often easier and less expensive to resolve issues on your own.
Private investigators are expensive but if you think about how much money he owes you and your child(ren), it is probably much more than a private investigator would cost you.
Public investigators usually charge hourly rates, which are often more expensive than contacting the county clerk or searching through an online resource.
Divorcing your spouse is expensive and a divorce kit could help you get the process done without spending a bundle.
It can be a lengthy and expensive process, and can set the stage for years of resentment after the divorce is finalized.
It can be a less expensive alternative to litigation that doesn't leave either person feeling as if they were the loser in the process.
While these less expensive materials look great on a showroom floor, they don't maintain their structure or luster for very long.
Remember that if your table is getting a lot of use and is expanding and contracting frequently, a higher quality table will get years more use than a less expensive option.
While these cushions are a little more expensive than the other sites (from around $ to $), they are high-quality and well worth the extra penny.
These fabrics are more expensive than their Chinese import counterparts, but the higher quality will ensure that your outdoor cushion lasts much much longer.
One of their least expensive frames is the Berkeley Hardwood Futon Frame, an economically priced frame that is stylish and sturdy, as well as inexpensive.
Keep in mind that mattresses are just as expensive as the frames, if not more so, depending on the quality of mattress you want.
Rather than spend money on an expensive hotel or have someone spend an uncomfortable night on the floor, simply unfold the bed and your problems are solved.
Depending on how much webbing you need and where it's being shipped from this option can end up being a bit expensive.
