
Here, then, I made my home; and although it is a lonely place I amuse myself making rustles and flutters, and so get along very nicely.
But here comes Ozma; so I'd better hush up, for the Princess doesn't like me to chatter since she changed her name from Tip to Ozma.
Here the conversation seemed interesting and he stood waiting for an opportunity to express his own views, as young people are fond of doing.
It was for this reason that I left my fellows in the abbey kitchen and came here to be alone.
My little Sabine farm is dear to me; for here I spend my happiest days, far from the noise and strife of the world.
And hark! here comes the cattle-train bearing the cattle of a thousand hills, sheepcots, stables, and cow-yards in the air, drovers with their sticks, and shepherd boys in the midst of their flocks, all but the mountain pastures, whirled along like leaves blown from the mountains by the September gales.
Many years before you came here this Land was united under one Ruler, as it is now, and the Ruler's name was always 'Oz,' which means in our language 'Great and Good'; or, if the Ruler happened to be a woman, her name was always 'Ozma.'
But even if I had a robot that knew everything, I couldn't really say, "Tell me every custom they have here" and be fully informed.
I recall my surprise on discovering that a mysterious hand had stripped the trees and bushes, leaving only here and there a wrinkled leaf.
She has to talk to father about it and she will call back later this morning to let me know when she will be here.
Such as she are rare here, he thought, as Natasha, readjusting a rose that was slipping on her bodice, settled herself beside him.
Surely you have time off as well, otherwise, how would you have time to come all the way out here.
If I wanted someone to organize my life, I would have stayed back in Muskogee with my parents instead of moving here.
I made the mistake of telling her that parents of two of the girls wanted me here to protect them from thieves and murderers.
Not that she was likely to see him again - especially out here in the desert, hundreds of miles from their little Texas ranch.
Don't you know people talk about a woman who spends weeks out here with men - and men start to get ideas.
I don't know what kind of wages you draw here, but I'd be willing to pay you a hundred a week plus room and board.
I didn't grow up around here like you, and I don't intend to spend the rest of my life working at the diner.
Here and there, calves frolicked with each other, kicking their heels in the air and bellowing their delight at the balmy weather.
Every year I come out here and try to convince him to get with the times, but it's to no avail.
I'm not sure who started that story, but it floated around here for my last two years of high school.
We'll hear him the same as when he's in here, but he won't be disturbed by us when we talk.
He's only here until Sunday night when we drop him off in Boston for his flight back to the west coast.
His mother pushed him off on us because he stayed up here in New Hampshire because he stayed here a couple of summers growing and she thought visiting might jar something loose.
I'm here in one piece, sort of, and you've given me a clean slate to begin act two of my life.
The summer you two came up here, I had a major crush on my handsome California cousin but you were seven years older than me and didn't know I existed.
I asked my mother about visiting the country or a farm and she insisted I'd never travelled anywhere but here in New Hampshire until I left for the seminary.
Betsy screamed, It's like if The Lord Jesus was standing here, writing a mother's day card to the Virgin Mary, you'd be sitting around on your asses discussing if it was really the month of May!
Here we were, caught up in the euphoria of our accomplishments, like a group of dissimilar workers sharing a winning power ball ticket, and thinking that success made us friends for ever.
It's is warm here in the south and I fear I can't keep my tiny trophy in my auto another day.
Granted, he's been secretive about Julie but the fact he brought her here to meet us shows he's opening up.
I'm in another country, if only for a short while to see if the pickings here are to my liking.
Sure, I knew what I was considering was contemptible but I figured all I was doing was identifying him; not stopping the good stuff he was doing... what all you guys, were doing up here.
It took us two hours to come ten miles from the airport and Julie had to direct him the last mile and she just got here herself.
As soon as she got here, she and Howie had to go private and talk things over and test the bed springs.
Either way why don't you take a drive down here to headquarters in the next hour or maybe I should send a car up there for you.
It was strange sitting here, talking to a confessed rapist, with the sound of what was probably more of them eating dinner behind me.
The description of that vehicle is plastered at every toll booth, state police barracks and wire service from here to California and back.
The FBI can fill you in better when they get here but this guy's been off the grid since he was released from prison last summer.
It killed me, knowing we might remain here, doing nothing, and not knowing what was happening to Betsy and Molly.
There was nothing more I could do here absent Howie so I rounded up patrolman Murphy and asked him to return me to the hospital.
I didn't want to come here but I know about … he told me-- and I never told anyone, I swear it-- about your healing ability.
Maybe, if she made it out of here, she'd go to lunch Sunday and do whatever felt right, like spend her life with him.
Whoever lived here had nothing personal to show, no pieces of his personality for her to dissect before she faced him.
I have to be a member of your group, and I have to stay here so the bad guys don't get me.
But I want you to move the cured people out of here and then level the city and the lab.
It'll smell like a whale died in here now, and I've only got three more Tahoes that survived the hurricane.
The Vamp is here, and yet the only tear between realms was caused by Darian and is being pursued by the Watchers and Others, Damian said.
Here she sat, covered in blood, drugged, one day from being all out crazy, then kidnapped—and the sight of the man before her turned her on.
She gave him a withering look, wondering what crack he was smoking to think he did her any favor by bringing her here instead of to a hospital.
I'd never hurt you, Sofi, and I hope you know that and can trust me enough to know you need to be here.
If, for some reason, she was stuck here forever, at least he wasn't going to hurt her, as long as she followed his rules.
Any thought she had of trying to make it here faded whenever she saw the desert or thought about how Darkyn manipulated her.
When I found out I wasn't pregnant, Martha was here and I wasn't near as disappointed as I thought I'd be.
Or why they were here in the first place, as they expressed zero interest in the beauty of the area; Ouray's main attraction.
