
She felt somehow drawn to the picture of a frail looking girl with dark eyes that looked out hauntingly from a delicately beautiful face.
Lana smiled, amused at such hardcore words from a woman whose frail frame would struggle under the weight of a laser shotgun.
Daniel was a frail but clever child, and his family made great sacrifices to give him and his elder brother Ezekiel a good education.
Though he discharged his civic duties in spite of a frail physique, he emphasized the sorrows of life; and yet he advocated no hopeless resignation, but rather the remedy of work, and took as his model Heracles, the embodiment of virile activity.
While the sea of history remains calm the ruler-administrator in his frail bark, holding on with a boat hook to the ship of the people and himself moving, naturally imagines that his efforts move the ship he is holding on to.
As old and frail as I am, I still wish to fight the barbarians, but my advisor warns me I'll soon follow the path of my mad father.
In a volume entitled Taine, historien de la Revolution frail gaise (), Aulard has submitted the method of the eminent philosopher to a criticism, severe, perhaps even unjust, but certainly well-informed.
He laboured still, in mingled hope and apprehension, "to prop the frail and worthless fabric," but for its spiritual content of democracy he had no understanding, and even in its nationalism he had little hope.
Betsy was alone on the porch but as we approached, Martha opened the screen door, her arm around a frail looking man, about five-seven, who wore an off-center toupee and a fragile smile.
But Edward's title had been expressly sanctioned by act of parliament, so that there was no more room for election in his case than in that of George I., and the real motive of the changes was to shorten the weary ceremony for the frail child.
Lowell's mother meanwhile was living, sometimes at home, sometimes at a neighbouring hospital, with clouded mind, and his wife was in frail health.
Amid many sufferings, however, and frequent attacks of sickness, he manfully pursued his course; nor was it till his frail body, torn by many and painful diseases - fever, asthma, stone, and gout, the fruits for the most part of his sedentary habits and unceasing activity - had, as it were, fallen to pieces around him, that his indomitable spirit relinquished the conflict.
A good posture and breathing exercises and huffing technique will also help with expectorating if the patient is not too frail.
Age Concern Buckinghamshire runs two Rural Day Centers to help overcome the major problem of isolation for those who are mentally frail.
I notice you did not call in the vet for Fergie and if she got or gets very frail would you put her down?
And Neil Young, tho he has had a recent brush with mortality, no longer appears frail, but robust and hearty.
Her performance is more sure-footed and after a fall leaves the frail pensioner on the floor and reflecting on her life and cleaning routine.
His family sitting beside his bedside holding his now frail hand, feeling so useless as they watched his young life slipping away.
A similar judgment may be passed upon those Paulician, Albigensian, Paterine and Epicurean dissenters from the Catholic creed who opposed the phalanxes of orthodoxy with frail imaginative weapons, and alarmed established orders in the state by the audacity of their communistic opinions.
Sue is a stipendiary minister of the United Reformed Church in Edinburgh, working particularly in ministry with the frail elderly.
What a terrible situation for our travelers, to be thus overtaken by a tempest in a frail bark which they could not manage !
The three-step program of shampoo, conditioner, and styling products is suitable for different hair textures, including very fine or frail hair, and they are also designed to work well with color-treated hair.
The frail wooden ploughs with a lance-headed share that only scratched the surface soil, were then superseded by iron ploughs; steam threshers replaced the oxen which trod out the corn, and modern implements were widely adopted.
Lane End Day Center £ ,. The organization offers day care for the frail, older people of Lane End and surrounding villages.
What a terrible situation for our travelers, to be thus overtaken by a tempest in a frail bark which they could not manage!
What are the pros and cons of using warfarin in a frail elderly person tenuously hanging on to an independent existence?
Although born in New York, Mr Roosevelt spent much of his boyhood at Oyster Bay, the country home of his father, on Long Island Sound, where he began with a distinct purpose, unusual among boys of his age, to build up a naturally frail physique by rowing and swimming in the waters of Long Island Sound, and by riding over the hills and tramping through the woods of Long Island.
As he started to leave, he turned to the frail woman who was rolling a piece of paper into her typewriter.
Darkyn's daughter appeared frail and gaunt, her skin a shade or two darker than the white pillow beneath her head.
She displays throughout much greater real refinement of feeling than the more highflying Roxana, and is at any rate flesh and blood, if the flesh be somewhat frail and the blood somewhat hot.
In her self-revelations she followed Rousseau, her first master in style, but while Rousseau in his Confessions darkened all the shadows, George Sand is the heroine of her story, often frail and faulty, but always a woman more sinned against than sinning.
The relaxing by the Allies of their frail hold upon the outer coastline of the Gallipoli Peninsula had been effected more successfully than the most sanguine amongst them had permitted themselves to hope for.
And for the briberies and gifts wherewith I am charged, when the book of hearts shall be opened, I hope I shall not be found to have the troubled fountain of a corrupt heart in a depraved habit of taking rewards to pervert justice, howsoever I may be frail, and partake of the abuse of the times."
Soon the irresistible charm of a book which gratified the imagination of the reader with all the action and scenery of a fairy tale, which exercised his ingenuity by setting him to discover a multitude of curious analogies, which interested his feelings for human beings, frail like himself, and struggling with temptations from within and from without, which every moment drew a smile from him by some stroke of quaint yet simple pleasantry, and nevertheless left on his mind a sentiment of reverence for God and of sympathy for man, began to produce its effect.

