
Certain enactments of later Saxon times in England have been sometimes spoken of as though they united together the temporal and spiritual jurisdictions into one mixed tribunal deriving its authority from the State.
There are also certain liabilities or debts which, for the convenience of the remedy, have been made to appear as though they sprang from contract, and are sometimes termed quasi-contracts.
Young Italy spread to all centres of Italian exiles, and by means of literature carried on an active propaganda in Italy itself, where the party came to be called Ghibellini, as though reviving the traditions of medieval anti-Papalism.
Risings broke out at Urbino and in Romagna, and the papal troops were defeated; Cesare could find no allies, and it seemed as though all Italy was about to turn against the hated family, when the French king promised help, and this was enough to frighten the confederates into coming to terms. Most of them had shown very little political or military skill, and several were ready to betray each other.
Thus the English canon of  directs preachers "to take heed that they do not teach anything in their sermons as though they would have it completely held and believed by the people, save what is agreeable to the doctrine of the Old and New Testaments, and what the Catholic Fathers and ancient Bishops have gathered from that doctrine."
The trunk is usually flattened, and twisted as though composed of several stems united; the bark is smooth and light grey; and the leaves are in two rows,  to  in.
Moreover, the study of the theory of rent has had a very great influence on all branches of economics by destroying the notion that it is possible to draw sharp lines of distinction, or deal with economic conceptions as though they were entirely independent categories.
There is, it is true, a smoothness and finish about them not often seen elsewhere; but, as though to avoid the exaggerations of Audubon, Gould usually adopted the tamest of attitudes in which to represent his subjects, whereby expression as well as vivacity is wanting.
If he says that a subject is to allow himself to be moved and directed, under God, by a superior just as though he were a corpse or as a staff in the hands of an old man, he is also careful to say that the obedience is only due in all things "wherein it cannot be defined (as it is said) that any kind of sin appears."
Kneel on the ground as though you were proposing to someone - one knee on the ground and the other bent at a -degree angle in front of your body.
Dropping her arms, she stepped back and wiped her mouth, staring up at him as though he had initiated the incident.
The laundry room was also clean and an old wringer tub still sat in one corner, as though unwilling to completely surrender to modern appliances.
Three empty bedrooms were closed off to the heat, as well as a full bath that looked as though it hadn't been used in years.
It was hard to believe he didn't understand the source of her distress, and yet he acted as though he was baffled.
It was one thing to covertly admire Alex, but quite another to stand here discussing him as though he were high dollar merchandise at a low bid auction... and why was Katie so concerned?
Something about the way she smiled up at him, as though no one else existed... and the way she watched him when she thought he wasn't aware she was looking.
His face and neck suffered severe burns while his right side looked as though a Brillo brush had been taken to it.
Brady hesitated to respond, feeling as though he should concentrate on supporting her, per Tim's directions, rather than reach out to her when he needed her.
As he stood alone in the jungle, Kris couldn't help feeling as though he'd failed some test, one Rhyn wouldn't fail.
She shrugged nonchalantly, snapping a dry vine off and examining it as though unaware of the mockery of his question.
On the day of the funeral Peter addressed to Alexius a stern letter of warning and remonstrance, urging him no longer to resemble the slothful servant in the parable, and threatening to cut him off, as though he were a gangrenous swelling, if he did not acquiesce in his father's plans.
This doctrine, rather political than theological, was a survival of the errors which had come into being after the Great Schism, and especially at the council of Constance; its object was to put the Church above its head, as the council of Constance had put the ecumenical council above the pope, as though the council could be ecumenical without its head.
Shortly below Kut-el-Amara all traces of ancient canalization on the east side vanish, and it would appear as though much of that region, now largely under water at flood time, constituted an inland sea.
So stringent are the obligations of hospitality that a household is bound to exact reparation for any injury done to a guest as though he were a member of the family.
Bitter disappointment, however, soon overcame them, the Samaritans were strong enough to thwart and hinder their temple-building, and it seemed as though the divine favour was withdrawn.
The spirit of indiscipline had begun to reach the lower classes of state employees, especially the school teachers and the postal and telegraph clerks, and at one time it seemed as though the country were about to face a situation similar to that which arose in France in the spring of .
His conduct of the Government during the campaign was also severely blamed, as he acted as though the war were merely an affair of internal politics and party combinations.
But while we recognize these facts, we must not suppose that we have to study the action of men as though they were all enrolled in organized associations, or covered by stringent laws which were always obeyed.
His one thought was family aggrandizement, and while it is unlikely that he meditated making the papacy hereditary in the house of Borgia, he certainly gave away its temporal estates to his children as though they belonged to him.
This roused the emperor Alexander to action, since it seemed as though Great Britain was aiming at ousting Russian influence in the Levant.
This vain young favourite of the king was treated as though he were really a formidable traitor, and his friend, De Thou, son of the historian, whose sole guilt was not to have revealed the plot, was placed in a boat behind the stately barge of the cardinal and thus conveyed up the Rhone to his trial and death at Lyons.
Unfortunately, this magnanimity was forthcoming after defeat It appeared as though a virtue had been made of a necessity, and the Boers never regarded it in any other light.
Moreover, it is undeniable that Lord Derby acted as though he was anxious to appear to be giving the Boers what they wanted.
The signory, at last realizing that Malatesta was a traitor, dismissed him; but it was too late, and he now behaved as though he were governor of Florence; when the troops attempted to enforce the dismissal he turned his guns on them.
Few particulars are extant concerning the real condition of the town; but we occasionally find Pisa mentioned, almost as though it were an independent city, at moments when Italy was overwhelmed by the greatest calamities.
Moslem tradition also regards Shechem as the burial-place of Joseph; but it appears as though the actual site, as shown, has not been always in one unvarying spot.
The cutting artist lays the piece of unfinished velvet on his bench, and proceeds to carve into the pattern with his chisel, just as though he were shading the lines of the design with a steel pencil.
Chocolate or dove-colored grounds with delicate diapers in gold and engobe; brown or black faience with white, yellow and pink designs incised or in relief; pottery curiously and deftly marbled by combinations of various colored clays these and many other kinds are to be found, all, however, presenting one common feature, namely, skilful finger-moulding and a slight roughening of the surface as though it had received the impression of coarse linen or crape before baking.
We feel that the Principe is inspired with greater fervency, as though its author had more than a speculative aim in view, and brought it forth to serve a special crisis.
The attempt to reduce the brigand-soldiery, and especially the ordinances passed by the estates of Languedoil at Orleans in , which not only gave the king an aid of ioo, francs (an act which was later used by the king as though it were a perpetual grant and so freed him from that parliamentary control of the purse so important in England), but demanded as well royal nominations to officerships in the army, marked a gain in the royal prerogative which the nobility resolved to challenge.
In a war which soon followed he was successful; the remonstrances of Carthage with Rome on the behaviour of her ally were answered by the appointment of Scipio as arbitrator; but, as though intentionally on the part of Rome, no definite settlement was arrived at, and thus the relations between Massinissa and the Carthaginians continued strained.
The molecules of gases for which n = o must accordingly be spherical in shape and in internal structure, or at least must behave at collisions as though they were spherical, for they would otherwise be set into rotation by the forces experienced at collisions.
Its polemic against the philosophy of experience has exposed it to general misunderstanding, as though it claimed some a priori path to truth.
In isolation from its object the will is as much an abstraction as though apart from the world of precepts, memories and associations which give it content and stability.
For a moment it seemed as though the manufacture of hemp from the native Phormium tenax would become a great industry.
A hard-and-fast rule of pronunciation is that only vowel or diphthong sounds, or the letters" m," n," ng," k," t "and" p "are permissible at the end of words, and hence the final letter of all words ending in anything else is simply suppressed or is pronounced as though it were a letter naturally producing one or other of those sounds.
History is not, he urges, to' be divided "by a middle wall of partition" into ancient and modern, nor broken into fragments as though the history of each nation stood apart.
Joab thrust three spears through the heart of Absalom as he struggled in the branches, and as though this were not enough, his ten armour-bearers came around and slew him.
It may be remarked that the British representative at the time of signing the convention declared that his government understood that in the time of war a belligerent would be free to act in regard to submarine cables as though the convention did not exist.
Such is the excellence of his disposition that whatsoever happeneth that could not be helped, he is as cheerful and as well pleased as though the best thing possible had been done.
Having banished all lay attendants from his palace, he surrounded himself with clerics and monks, with whom he lived as though he were still in a monastery.
In all cognition, strictly so-called, there is involved a certain synthesis or relation of parts of a characteristic nature, and if we attempt to discuss this synthesis as though it were in itself but one of the facts forming the matter of knowledge, we are driven to regard this relation as being of the quite external kind discovered by observation among matters of knowledge.
In the struggle to regain the adherence of the working men it seemed as though religion would be the most valuable ally, and it was impossible to ignore the fact that the Roman Catholic priests had alone been.
The development of this alliance was interrupted by the short-lived peace of October r; and for a while it seemed as though France and Russia might come to an understanding.
The "Melancolia," numbered "" as though intended to be the first of a series, with its brooding winged genius sitting dejectedly amidst a litter of scientific instruments and symbols, is hard to interpret in detail, but impossible not to recognize in general terms as an embodiment of the spirit of intellectual research (the student's "temperament" was supposed to be one with the melancholic), resting sadly from its labours in a mood of lassitude and defeat.
And as though it were foreordained that no element of horror should be wanting from the history of the crusades, in  there took place one of the most ghastly tragedies that has ever happened in the world - the Crusade of the Children.
For a moment it seemed as though the rival Arab factions, realizing their common peril, would turn their combined forces against the Shiites.
So early as  it seemed as though the struggle would be renewed; for Mehemet Ali had extended to his new pashaliks his system of monopolies and conscription, and the Syrians, finding that they had exchanged Turkish whips for Egyptian scorpions, rose in a passion of revolt.
He seems to have had the idea of doing on a smaller scale what Capello had wished to do in large, and it certainly appears as though he had kept his left unduly weak in the hope of being able to deal a heavy counter-blow.
If B atops rolling, then the two cylinders continue to move as though they were parts of a rigid body.
The scene of the poem is a real place, and the poet sings (as Ulysses says of Demodocus) as though he had been present himself, or had heard from one who had been.
His plan failed, for the local Roman officials acted as though the kingdom had been conquered in war; they seized on the property of the late king and his chiefs and insulted his family.
Here, if anywhere, it seemed as though the ecclesiastical and feudal fetters of the middle ages might be broken, and humanity might enter on a new stage of joyous unimpeded evolution.
It seemed as though the Renaissance ran a risk of being throttled in its cradle by superfluity of foreign and pedantic nutriment.
At the age of twenty-two (), he was elected to a constitutional convention in Kentucky; at twenty-six, to the Kentucky legislature; at twenty-nine, while yet under the age limit of the United States constitution, he was appointed to an unexpired term (-) in the United States Senate, where, contrary to custom, he at once plunged into business, as though he had been there all his life.
The prince of Gwynedd henceforth considered himself as a sovereign, independent, but owing a personal allegiance to the king of England, and it was to obtain a recognition of his rights as such that Llewelyn ap Iorwerth, " the Great," consistently strove under three English kings, and though his resources were small, it seemed for a time as though he might be able by uniting his countrymen to place the recognized autonomy of Gwynedd on a firm and enduring basis.
Pole's own attitude to the question of justification by faith is given by Vittoria Colonna, to whom he said that she ought to set herself to believe as though she must be saved by faith alone and to act as though she must be saved by works alone.
It seems almost as though this branch had reached its limit, and as though any further developments can only be a question of duplication of the existing facilities so as to print from a greater number of cylinders than, say, an octuple machine.
It was in the third century that the cult of Mithras, with its mysteries and a theology evolved from Zoroastrianism, attained the widest diffusion in all Latin-speaking provinces of the Roman dominion; and it even seemed for a while as though the Sot invictus Mithras, highly favored by the Caesars, would become the official deity-in-chief of the empire.
Who this young man was is not specified; but other writers call Alamut and his brother Murad the sons of Yaqub, as though the relationship were unquestionable.
Meshed had been taken and retaken as though he were not a resident in it, much less its dejure king.
In-a disastrous commercial panic crippled the city; and in , when at the height of the Fraser river gold-mine excitement it seemed as though Victoria, B.C., was to supplant San Francisco as the metropolis of the Pacific, realty values in the latter city dropped for a time fully a half in value.
But his Thought had been detained by the angelic powers which had been sent forth from her, and had been subjected by them to every indignity, so that she might riot return on high to her own father, insomuch that she was even enclosed in a human body, and for age after age transmigrated into different female forms, as though from one vessel into another.
If you were not an adversary, you would not be slandering me and reviling the preaching that is given through me, in order that, as I heard myself in person from the Lord, when I speak I may not be believed, as though forsooth it were I who was condemned and I who was reprobate.'
While it is evident that high importance must be attached to the adaptation of the human body to the life of diversified intelligence and occupation he has to lead, this must not be treated as though it were the principal element of the superiority of man, whose comparison with all lower genera of mammals must be mainly directed to the intellectual organ, the brain.
Thus it seemed as though hostilities between the two countries had come to a definite end, and that peace was assured in the land.
The legends indicate a close connexion between Lipara and Surrentum, as though the latter had been a colony of the former; and even through the Imperial period Surrentum remained largely Greek.
The city stands at the southern extremity of the Bosporus, upon a hilly promontory that runs out from the European or western side of the straits towards the opposite Asiatic bank, as though to stem the rush of waters from the Black Sea into the Sea of Marmora.
The nave is thus covered completely by a domical canopy, which, in its ascent, swells larger and larger, mounts higher and higher, as though a miniature heaven rose overhead.
The political clubs which sprang up all over the country often presumed to act as though they were public authorities (see Jacobins).
Human curiosity, no longer concerned withphilosophy and science, seemed as though stifled, religious polemics alone continuing to hold public attention.
They had therefore only to keep up this established government, but they could not manage even this much; they allowed the idea of the common interests of kings and their subjects gradually to die out, and forgetting that national taxes are a necessary impost, a charge for service rendered by the state, they had treated these as though they were illicit and unjustifiable spoils.
The insubordination of several great vassalsthe count of Vermandois, the duke of Burgundy, the count of Flanderswho treated him as he had treated the Carolingian king; the treachery of Arnuif, archbishop of Reims, who let himself be won over by the empress Theophano; the papal hostility inflamed by the emperor against the claim of feudal France to independence,all made it seem for a time as though the unity of the Roman empire of the West would be secured at Hughs expense and in Ottos favor; but as a matter of fact this papal and imperial hostility ended by making the Capet dynasty a national one.
Saint-Pol, Nemours, Charles the Bold, his brother the duke of Berry, old Ren of Anjou and his nephew the count of Maine, heir to the riches of Provence and to rights over Naplesthe skeleton hand mowed down all his adversaries as though it too were in his pay; until the day when at Plessisles-Tours it struck a final blow, claimed its just dues from Louis XL, and carried him off despite all his relics on the oth of August .
He did not succeed either in stemming the tide of expense, nor in his administration, being in no way in advance of his age, and not perceiving that decisive reform could not be achieved by a government dealing with the nation as though it were inert and passive material, made to obey and to payS Like a good Cartesian he conceived of the state as an immense machine, every portion of which should receive its impulse from outsidethat is from him, Colbert.
Though the administration still possessed a fund of tradition and a personnel which, including many men of note, protected it from the enfeebling influence o the court, it looked as though chance regulated everything so far as the government was concerned.
After reading the Nouvelle-Hloise, Clarissa and Sir Charles Gran-dison, fatigued and wearied society revived as though beneath the fresh breezes of dawn.
His paper, however, the Point du Jour, according to Aulard, owes its reputation not so much to its own qualities as to the fact that the painter David, in his famous picture of the "Oath in the Tennis Court," has represented Barere kneeling in the corner and writing a report of the proceedings as though for posterity.
He succeeded a few years afterwards in verifying this remarkable prediction by the experimental demonstration that a current of positive electricity flowing from hot to cold in iron produced an absorption of heat, as though it possessed negative specific heat in the metal iron.
Finally, as though to render the task - of patriotic Spaniards wellnigh hopeless, there was little evidence of any cessation of that purely factious spirit which in Spanish politics has ever rendered stable party government impossible.
The mind or self appears as though it were endowed with a complex machinery by which alone it could act upon the material supplied to it.
On the th of August  Isotta's son was found murdered in a well belonging to the Marcheselli family; and a bloodstained sword, placed in their courtyard by Roberto, made it appear as though they had been guilty of the crime.
All the way home she thought about Katie's observation that Uncle Fabrice treated him as though he were a poor salesman.
Mom always used to want everyone home before dark â€“ as though anything was out there at night that wasn't there during the day.
The wedding was set for June fifteenth, but it was looking as though they might have to put it off a while.
The playing field was as uneven as the Watcher had warned, and it appeared as though Czerno's Watchers weren't as dedicated to non-interference as his Watcher was.
I felt as before that I loved God, that my mind embraced and accepted that ideal of justice, tenderness and holiness which I had never doubted, but with which I had never held direct communion, and now at last I felt that this communion was consummated, as though an invincible barrier had been broken down between the source of infinite light and the smouldering fire of my heart.
Thus in La Petite Fadette, by the happy device of making the hemp dresser the narrator, she speaks (to quote Sainte-Beuve) as though she had on her right the unlettered rustic and on her left a member of the Academie, and made herself the interpreter between the two.
The bourgeois revolutionists of France had all been philosophes, but their philosophy had at least paid lip-service to " reason "; the Russian revolutionists who formed the majority of the first and second Dumas, as though inspired by the exalted nonsense preached by Tolstoi,  subordinated reason to sentiment, until - their impracticable temper having been advertised to all the world - it became easy for the government to treat them as a mere excrescence on the national life, a malignant growth to be removed by a necessary operation.
The first doge elected in Rialto was Angelo Particiaco, a Heraclean noble, with a strong bias towards Byzantium, and his reign was signalized by the building of the first church of San Marco, and by the translation of the saint's body from Alexandria, as though to affirm and to symbolize the creation of united Venice.
Its introduction and six chapters present with rare lucidity the earliest conceptions of the Kingdom of Heaven, the Son of God, the Church, Christian dogma and Catholic worship; and together form a severely critico-historical yet strongly Catholic answer to Harnack's still largely pietistic Wesen des Christentums. It develops throughout the principles that "what is essential in Jesus' Gospel is what occupies the first and largest place in His authentic teaching, the ideas for which He fought and died, and not only that idea which we may consider to be still a living force to-day"; that "it is supremely arbitrary to decree that Christianity must be essentially what the Gospel did not borrow from Judaism, as though what the Gospel owes to Judaism were necessarily of secondary worth"; that "whether we trust or distrust tradition, we know Christ only by means of, athwart and within the Christian tradition"; that "the essence of Christianity resides in the fulness and totality of its life"; and that "the adaptation of the Gospel to the changing conditions of humanity is to-day a more pressing need than ever."
Carlyle's influence on him may be traced both in his admiration for strong rulers and strong government, which led him to write as though tyranny and brutality were excusable, and in his independent treatment of character.
Having obtained the set of instantaneous centres for a chain, suppose a is the fixed link of the chain and c any other link; then O,,,is the instantaneous centre of the two links and may be considered for the instant as the trace of an axis fixed to an extension of the link a about which c is turning, and thus problems of instantaneous velocity concerning the link c are solved as though the link c were merely rotating for the instant about a fixed axis coincident with the instantaneous axis.
Well, as I was hurrying along, I heard a great splash, as though something had fallen into the pool by the fountain.
Even when she did not fully understand words or ideas, she liked to set them down as though she did.
The grass was as green as though it was springtime, and the golden ears of corn gathered together in heaps in the great fields looked very pretty.
When her attention was drawn to a marble slab inscribed with the name FLORENCE in relief, she dropped upon the ground as though looking for something, then turned to me with a face full of trouble, and asked, "Were is poor little Florence?"
Natasha, who was treated as though she were grown up, was evidently very proud of this but at the same time felt shy.
The general with the bandaged head bent forward as though running away from some danger, and, making long, quick strides with his thin legs, went up to Kutuzov.
But Rostov pulled away his arm and, with as much anger as though Denisov were his worst enemy, firmly fixed his eyes directly on his face.
The wide expanse that opened out before the heights on which the Russian batteries stood guarding the bridge was at times veiled by a diaphanous curtain of slanting rain, and then, suddenly spread out in the sunlight, far-distant objects could be clearly seen glittering as though freshly varnished.
With his shaggy head thrown back like birds when they drink, pressing his spurs mercilessly into the sides of his good horse, Bedouin, and sitting as though falling backwards in the saddle, he galloped to the other flank of the squadron and shouted in a hoarse voice to the men to look to their pistols.
The French columns that had advanced beyond the village went back; but as though in revenge for this failure, the enemy placed ten guns to the right of the village and began firing them at Tushin's battery.
In the darkness, it seemed as though a gloomy unseen river was flowing always in one direction, humming with whispers and talk and the sound of hoofs and wheels.
Prince Vasili gave him a look of stern inquiry, as though what Pierre had just said was so strange that one could not take it in.
It seemed as though not the trumpeters were playing, but as if the army itself, rejoicing at the Emperors' approach, had naturally burst into music.
Wheels creak on their axles as the cogs engage one another and the revolving pulleys whirr with the rapidity of their movement, but a neighboring wheel is as quiet and motionless as though it were prepared to remain so for a hundred years; but the moment comes when the lever catches it and obeying the impulse that wheel begins to creak and joins in the common motion the result and aim of which are beyond its ken.
It seemed to him as though one of the soldiers near him hit him on the head with the full swing of a bludgeon.
Dolokhov's clear, cold glance met Rostov as soon as he entered the door, as though he had long expected him.
Napoleon merely laid the cross on Lazarev's breast and, dropping his hand, turned toward Alexander as though sure that the cross would adhere there.
Thoughts of home grew stronger the nearer he approached it--far stronger, as though this feeling of his was subject to the law by which the force of attraction is in inverse proportion to the square of the distance.
The old count's troyka, with Dimmler and his party, started forward, squeaking on its runners as though freezing to the snow, its deep-toned bell clanging.
Without heeding the end of the Italian's remarks, and as though not hearing them, the Emperor, recognizing Bolkonski, addressed him graciously.
Now he rode beside Ilyin under the birch trees, occasionally plucking leaves from a branch that met his hand, sometimes touching his horse's side with his foot, or, without turning round, handing a pipe he had finished to an hussar riding behind him, with as calm and careless an air as though he were merely out for a ride.
The officer appeared abashed, as though he understood that one might think of how many men would be missing tomorrow but ought not to speak of it.
After hearing what was being said by one or other of these groups he generally turned away with an air of disappointment, as though they were not speaking of anything he wished to hear.
When--free from soldiers, wagons, and the filthy traces of a camp--he saw villages with peasants and peasant women, gentlemen's country houses, fields where cattle were grazing, posthouses with stationmasters asleep in them, he rejoiced as though seeing all this for the first time.
When Denisov had come to Pokrovsk at the beginning of his operations and had as usual summoned the village elder and asked him what he knew about the French, the elder, as though shielding himself, had replied, as all village elders did, that he had neither seen nor heard anything of them.
It may seem as though your newborn baby sleeps all the time, while you aren't getting much sleep at all.
It's easy to get wrapped up in the beauty of semi-precious beads once you finally feel as though you've hit the gemstone bead jackpot.
However, these advertisements and commercials make it seem as though buying and selling precious metals such as gold and silver is rather difficult.
Whatever the reason might be for your cat's pawing, it doesn't sound as though he's harming himself in any way, and that's a good thing.
Second, even if it seems as though he doesn't like it, I would still contain him with the new litter box in a small room, such as an extra bathroom.
It seemed as though she was no longer itching, and I have been watching to see if her hair was returning, when, in the last three days, she seems to have been showing signs of bald spots again.
In the future, it appears as though tangible wallets will be combined with "wallet in the clouds" to enable you to use your cell phone to complete in-person purchases.
Dealing with the emotional aspects of divorce can prove to be especially difficult for men because it seems as though women are more likely to discuss the divorce with friends, family and join support groups.
After a divorce, you may feel as though no one understands what you are going through, so you isolate yourself so you don't have to feel as though you are bothering others with your frustrations, anger, sadness and self-ridicule.
Following the legal procedures can seem like a daunting task, and it may be almost offensive to some parents who feel as though they are being forced to prove their worthiness as parents.
If you approach the room design as though you are embarking on a project together, and if you are willing to engage in a little bit of give and take, then you will end up with a room that both you and your teen will feel proud of.
The continuity of your interior design will make your spa look as though it was always a part of your home.
If you take time and plan your home interior designs and spa bathroom, then the results can make you feel as though you're on a permanent vacation.
You'll want your nook to flow from the kitchen as though it was always a part of the original design.
The overall effect of your new breakfast space is a visitor to feel as though it has always been part of your kitchen design.
Even if this is an addition to an existing design, you can still find a great fabric that will look as though it was always part of the overall room design.
The wrong china can transform your elegant arrangement into something that sticks out as though it doesn't belong and vice versa.
By allowing them to feel as though they have a say in what and how the room looks, you'll be empowering them, teaching them invaluable lessons about the decision-making process and giving them a sense of ownership in the process.
The last thing you want is to feel as though you are tripping over stuff every time you turn around, so keep the centers of rooms open, and line the walls with open style furniture to make the most of the space.
It seems as though people are always talking about decorating kids' and teens' bedrooms in themes, but this isn't always a good idea.
It may seem as though there is only one obvious reason to use a magnifying makeup mirror, but there are plenty of uses for this useful tool.
Through lunch, a sweaty workout or a brisk dive in the pool, a lipstick stain stays put and provides just enough color so that you won't feel as though you're sporting au natural lips.
The blush works just as well when applied over foundation, but you may want to use a slightly lighter hand; it seems as though the foundation tends to more readily "grab" onto the pigment in the cream formula.
Lay the folder on a firm surface like a table or counter, and roll over it with the rolling pin, as though you were rolling out a piecrust.
If placed strategically, you can set it up so it looks as though he is running down the middle of the layout.
When we feel as though we don't have enough time to look after things properly, then we can feel stressed out.
You may not be able to take yourself on a vacation at this very moment but you can make your body respond as though you are.
Feeling as though you are able to handle anything that life throws your way will help keep your stress levels down because you won't feel as though you can't control a situation.
If you're looking for effective ways to cope with stress, chances are, you feel as though you've lost control of certain circumstances in your life.
If you find that much of your time is spent treating unimportant or non-urgent tasks as though they were important or urgent, you probably need to drastically change your attitude about your schedule.
When you're feeling as though you will never be able to move past a devastating event, you may want to consider if you are experiencing any posttraumatic stress disorder symptoms.
Some people also experience dissociation, which means they feel as though they are separate from their own body watching the trauma unfold once again.
If it starts to accelerate or you feel as though you can't catch your breath, take a moment to count breathes.
Then the therapist will explain how once you change thoughts, you can reduce the reaction your body has because it no longer feels as though there is a threat.
Now, talk about how when you accept Christ and repent your sins that he washes them away as though they never happened.
Although it may seem as though an old dress from the s should be considerably less expensive than a brand new modern dress, it’s actually the other way around.
If you have a good singing voice and you feel as though you would be able to sing your vows without being overcome with emotion, presenting your vows in the form of a song is a creative method of delivering vows.
Don't scrimp on your vows together in an attempt to make everyone else feel as though they are a part of the union.
Likewise, men should not wear ill-fitting clothing and should ensure they are properly groomed, so as not to appear as though they could not put forth the effort to be presentable for the occasion.
Younger brides tend to look beautiful in nearly any color, and most can wear pale pastels without appearing as though their complexions have faded.
I am not going to list everything here, but it was as though I learned how to live life all over again.
At about ten years of age, I started acting cool like grown ups with a couple friends by acting as though we smoked by rolling up dried lawn grass from backyards and the Merrill Park in the Jeffery Manor at Chicago, Illinois.
People in full withdrawal can act aggressively or may appear as though they are having a difficult time with processing information.
If you feel as though you may be abusing Clonazepam, or if you feel as though your dependence on this drug has become addictive, speak to a physician to find out about the steps necessary for a successful detox.
If someone you know is having a difficult time with alcoholism, showing that person facts about it can help him feel as though he is not alone and that there is effective treatment available.
One of the most interesting ways you can use a lighthouse curtain for your shower is to treat the shower curtain as though it's a work of art.
Since Lindsay is seemingly working on step number eight, the step in which you make amends with those whom you have wronged while you were addicted, it seems as though she is taking it seriously this time.
Everyone, deep down (and maybe not so deep down) wants to believe that celebrities are fatally flawed, but it seems as though Jennifer Garner truly is a sweet girl from the south, living out her dreams.
Others were quoted as saying that she was behaving as though she was "on the verge of a nervous breakdown."
Kimmel and Silverman seemed as though they were one of the more solid Hollywood couples and were recently tagged the "Funniest Couple Alive" by People magazine.
Even though to most, it doesn't seem as though Heidi could be a good friend to anyone but herself and her non-husband, Audrina decided to turn to her anyway because "she knows how Lauren works."
Things started to seem as though they were venturing further into seriousness when Holly introduced her new boyfriend to her parents - something she claims she has never done before.
In a rare moment of contrition for Kanye, he actually looks as though he is really sorry for hurting Taylor Swift's feelings.
It seems as though gossip breaks every day about celebrities, but it's not who they're sleeping with or who they're fighting with, it's gossip about how broke they are.
Rihanna also decided to talk about the incident because she felt as though she had an obligation to her fans to let them know that domestic violence is not okay, anytime or anyplace.
However, it seemed as though after a couple of years his face settled a little, bringing back some of the good looks that helped make him famous.
Children who are wearing Splendid will feel as though they were wrapped in fine silk, but more importantly, Splendid washes easily (provided the item isn't marked as dry clean only).
Even if it seems as though you're up against stiff competition, you'll never have a chance if you don't try!
Although these trips may not visit particularly exotic locations, they are a great option for moms to still feel as though they are appreciated without having to spend a lot of money or travel long distances.
Regarding house training, I would start again from square one as though he were a puppy and take him out very often so he has less opportunity to go inside.
It sounds as though this shelter probably started out with good intentions, but is now caught in a very bad situation due to lack of operating funds.
It sounds as though your bitch could be pregnant, and to be on the safe side I'd treat her as if she is.
I can make all my friends laugh because I even bathe my large dogs by having them stand as though they are in what we horse people would call cross ties, but without the ties.
The dog may have coughing spasms as though trying to clear his lungs, but these coughs are usually not productive.
Don't wave your hands about - hold your left hand close to your body as though you're still holding his leash.
The plants are best suited for rich bottoms in the wild garden, as though the foliage and habit are good, the flowers are short-lived in the ordinary border, and somewhat coarse in habit.
When Mr Bowles saw it in autumn it was so full of flower that it looked like a graceful spout of white spray, and as though it was trying to imitate some of the wonderful effects of the sea-wash on stormy days.
Your aloe has certainly been damaged by the frost, but it sounds as though the roots and the growing crown have survived.
Forget classic round or square shapes, Stone Forest's bronze Papillion sink is an irregularly shaped vessel that looks as though it's been blown by the wind.
Dressing business casual is an invitation to look your best, yet not necessarily as though you're headed to dinner with the Queen of England.
Sweetened black tea is fermented with the mushroom, which at this stage is the aforementioned culture of bacteria and yeasts and looks as though it was tipped straight from a Petri dish.
This idea is very disturbing to many people who feel as though there will be eventual repercussions for trying to change something that nature has already perfected.
When it comes to swimwear, there are even some people who think a plus sized woman shouldn't consider such a thing - as though having fun in the sun and water is only the province of thin people, or at the very least, plus sized men.
During this stage of sleep, the eyes dart back and forth rapidly as though they are watching or reading something interesting.
This type of muscle twitching occurs during very light sleep, and the sleeping person may feel as though he or she is falling.
The FreshLook Color Studio allows you to upload a picture of yourself and view the photo as though it were taken with you wearing Vibrant Views contacts, allowing you to make an informed decision before purchase.
Now, it seems as though fans count themselves lucky if they just get a new game from Konami or a new offering from Treasure there.
It seems as though Rare applied the popular Hollywood remake mentality to a video game that really didn't cry to be redone.
In the late eighties/early nineties Nintendo were well and truly king of the Video Games Industry; Mario was selling by the bucket load and it seemed as though no-one could possibly topple their all-powerful dominance.
Shooters may use a first person point of view, making it appear as though the player is in the game, or a third person point of view where the player follows behind or looks over the shoulder of the lead game character.
He is the figure of a flute playing man with what looks like spikes for hair and always looks as though he is dancing.
Keep work and rest areas separate, otherwise you'll constantly be thinking about work and feeling as though you must work instead of relaxing from work.
If your office design fails to place you in the command position, then you'll constantly feel as though co-workers and superiors are constantly taking advantage of you.
This position means you'll never feel as though you have the support you require in order to do your work.
Next, using a pencil, you want to draw the flow of chi as though it were an air current entering your home at floor level.
Not only will your hair look celebrity-worthy, it will also feel as though you've spend just as much time, effort and money on it as the big names.
Simply gather your hair at the back of your head as though you were going to put it in a ponytail, then twist it up to the top of your head and secure with any variety of pins - the more colorful, the cuter.
I feel as though I am better at prioritizing tasks now and getting everything done, but I still aim to improve in this area and better my time management skills whenever I can."
If applicants feel as though they are not getting answers to all the questions they have, then that may be a good sign that it is time to seek out a different lender.
Better Business Bureau Local offices are located in Ohio, and customers who feel as though they were treated badly by an unscrupulous mortgage broker can file a complaint.
If you do not feel as though your mortgage originator is giving you accurate information, or if you feel as though your originator is annoyed by your questions, you have the right to ask for a different person to work with.
Do not feel as though you need to rush into purchasing another home as soon as possible, because you want to make sure you are financially ready for this obligation again.
It is also important to note that the prices among the Florida mortgage broker schools vary, so you should not feel as though you need to pay the highest price to get the best pre-licensing education.
Whatever the reason, you might consider refinancing if it looks as though you might be able to get a better deal on your mortgage.
Due to the way publication schedules work for magazines, catalogs and other print media, most outdoor photo shoots take place in colder months with lighting rigged to look as though it's hot and sunny.
Vinyls are usually quite shiny, and depending on how they are cut, these swimsuits can almost look as though they have been painted on.
Of course there are stores that stock sheer bikinis, however it seems as though the majority of manufactures are online.
Shayk had her body painted by Joanne Gair for LBB Artist Management in Grenada, and the paint was made to look as though the model was wearing a back-tied strapless swimsuit with torn bottoms, almost like she had been shipwrecked.
This is understandable, and many pools offering swim lessons for adults will offer lessons in a private setting so that no one need feel as though they have an unwanted audience.
Invisible swimwear might make you look as though you're nearly nude, but it's not to be worn all by itself when you have so many options for accessories.
Invisible swimwear can either be worn extremely close to the body, or it can be selected in a color that makes the wearer look as though she's nude.
Whether you want to personalize a poem for an individual or an organization of volunteers, making the poem sound as though it were written just for that individual or group to show your gratitude will always be appreciated.
It seems as though the holiday is in the country to stay, regardless of the feelings of some, though Asian countries are more accepting of Western cultural traditions than ever before.
Finally, get a large silver picture frame and carry it with you in front of your face to make it look as though you are in a television set.
During the party talk in a steady voice and occasionally choke on a word so it sounds as though you are a broken record.
Finally, carry a copy of Emily Bronte's Wuthering Heights - preferably one that is falling apart so it looks as though it's been read many times.
The pink dresses are designed to look as though the person wearing the costume has been transformed into a popular cocktail.
While there is much you may want to learn and know about her, if you ask too many questions she will feel as though she is on an interview.
As long as you settle for getting less than you deserve, this guy or any guy will continue to behave as though you are not a priority.
Telling her would appear as though you were intentionally trying to breakup their relationship and would likely hurt your friend.
When there are three people, you, your ex and his girlfriend, AND the process is high conflict, it can sometimes feel as though the odds are against you, draining you physically, emotionally and financially.
Long distance relationships take a lot of maturity because they require couples to behave as though they lived in the same town without all of the privileges that come with living nearby.
Then he'll display how fabulous his weekends are - going out, being drunk and partying all time - making it out as though he is constantly busy.
There is nothing going on with them and that is  percent true but I felt as though I was a third wheel.
The sort of confidence that girls value at this stage is a borderline "aloof" nature, appearing as though you're not very concerned what people think about you - you're comfortable in yourself.
Again, it's important with all of these questions to make him feel as though he can safely express himself honestly - this is not the time to be judgmental, and certainly not to run a guilt trip about anything.
When it comes to asking the questions, however, don't approach your lover with a list in hand as though it were an interrogation.
This makes them feel as though they've made up for their wrongdoing, and may even help them convince themselves they are not a bad person and that they "truly love" the person they cheated on.
If you and your partner are unable to communicate, one day you may feel as though your troubles with your partner are insurmountable.
This is simply because they become complacent and don't feel as though they need to do anything special to keep their partner around.
In other words, don't feel as though you have to break the bank to buy a gift that is outside of your budget.
When you have celiac disease or gluten intolerance, it can seem as though all your favorite foods are off limits.
The warmth of her writing helps readers feel as though they were right in the kitchen, working along Allrich as they prepare these fresh revitalizing meals.
More than anything else, you risk visibly appearing as though you're carrying a fake - and it's unlikely most people would take any pleasure in that.
This global responsibility makes the lion feel guilty whenever he doesn't feel as though he's living up to his self-imposed duties.
It may feel as though you're on a stage and that you must perform as your adoring pubic expects you to behave.
It isn't that this side rarely reveals itself; it's that you're very private about your good deeds and carry them out as though on a royal secret mission.
This will backfire so fiercely that you'll find yourself running to the hills screaming as though your hair were on fire.
Virgo's fearfulness about change can sometimes make Scorpio feel as though she's being held back and prevented from fully expressing her sign.
If he ever feels as though he isn’t your number one, he’ll be compelled to find someone else to give him that first place status.
If you feel as though you are living with a huge karmic burden, it's possible that you were born under the sign of the Cib.
The sketches are so close to the movie that your child will feel as though he is privy to the original sketches by the original artists.
Allowing your children to build and decorate their kites every step of the way will make them feel as though they have accomplished something major.
He takes her off into the woods and tells her he is leaving, and so is the rest of his family; it will be as though they never met.
Fans get confused when they search for the New Moon official website because there are a number of sites that come up that appear as though they could be the official one.
Without a sound from Felice, the man looked up as though he had expected to see her there all along.
Finally, it slowly spelled out, "K-I-L-L-E-D M-Y-S-E-L-F" and then started to move in a faster figure eight as though agitated.
Many people experience a similar sensation as they fall asleep at night and just before falling asleep, sometimes feel as though they are floating.
Others claim they saw the earth as though viewed from outer space as they hurtled through the stratosphere, past clouds and the walls of buildings.
Manson Valentine discovered a series of laid stones at the bottom of the ocean that appeared as though they formed a road of sorts, running northeast-southwest.
Videos allow viewers to feel as though they are sitting in front of the person, and it gives the witness greater credibility since it's obvious he/she is a real person.
One woman tells about dying from internal bleeding and feeling as though she was "sinking" into herself before feeling an existence of peace.
Howard Storm, a former atheist, died in the hospital and felt as though he'd woken up but realized that his body was still lying in the bed.
In a lucid dream, you suddenly become aware that you're dreaming and are watching yourself in the dream as though playing a role.
In many cases, authentic data garnered from a regression cannot be authenticated, and some people may give up and feel as though the information uncovered during the regression is false.
Many people feel confident going into a Ouija board session, but all too often the tug of the planchette under your fingers can induce a surreal feeling, almost as though everything that you thought was impossible is suddenly possible.
Cabinet doors open by themselves or objects sail across the room as though they have been thrown by an unseen force.
Though American consumers may feel as though they pay high prices at the pump, compared to other nations, they do not.
Continuing the theme of walking as though you're barefoot, these slip-resistant soles contribute to the overall flexibility and shock-absorption of the shoe.
You're going to be very active in these shoes and you want something well-made and supportive that will make you feel as though you're dancing on air.
While at work, Elizabeth's hair is usually pulled back and off her face, but in an easy style that appears as though she twisted it there on her way in the doors after dropping the kids off.
At the end of the third season, however, it seems as though Eric is betraying Sookie by turning her over to Russell Edgington.
Some flower fairy designs simply place the fairy in the center of the flower, as though she is either emerging from it at birth or making it her home.
Kneel on the ground as though you were proposing to someone - just the way you would kneel during the kneeling hip flexor stretch.
I started sitting down to eat and feeling as though I couldn't stand to eat another bite of meat, chicken breast or otherwise.
I started sitting down to eat and feeling as though I couldn't stand to eat another bite of meat, chicken breast or otherwise.
Finally, if after six to eight weeks you don't feel as though your current routine is challenging enough, consider adding more sets to your program and increasing the weight.
Perform a squat by tipping backward at the hip, pressing through your heels and lowering your torso toward the floor as though you were sitting back in a chair.
Bend your knees until they form a -degree angle, sticking your buttocks out behind you as though you were performing a squat.
Some insured people feel as though the companies intentionally draw out investigations and perpetually undervalue the cost of repairs and other damages, or instead deny valid claims altogether.
Remember that clients can not only sue a company you work for, but clients can also sue you as an individual if they feel as though they have been wronged.
Consumers can find out about insurance requirements, regulations, and how to file a formal complaint if they feel as though they have been victims to fraud from an insurance company, provider, or broker.
Flo's job on the Progressive commercials is to staff the virtual Progressive store, where customers can walk in and shop for insurance as though they were shopping for groceries.
If customers want to feel as though they have some type of personal connection with their insurance company, this character provides the connection and does so in a comedic way.
At first glance it seems as though most property owners would not really care whether the personal property of renters is protected or not.
It seems as though a lot of underwear manufacturers think that just because you've got a more substantial body, you are interested in underthings that feature substance over style or sexiness.
It's as though sexual appeal is just for young, unmarried women and once a woman is over a certain age, she is wisest to stop thinking of herself as sexy, because no one else will.
When you want coverage, support and even cleavage all while looking as though you're not wearing any sort of underwear at all, this is the ideal option.
They self-adhere to your skin and have virtually no lines so once they are in place, you can look as though you're not wearing a bra at all.
But there is nothing wrong with going up one size if you feel as though your "correct" size is binding.
The actors communicate directly with the cameras as though a film crew were following them around as they tour, rehearse and more.
The case is in court pending and neither party can discuss the details, although Beyonce has spoken of the songs in interviews as though she herself had penned it.
In addition, it seems as though each week brings a new study detailing the negative impact reality TV has on society.
Since it's up to the bachelor who he wants to go on a date with some of the contestants are left feeling as though they didn't get a chance, especially if they are eliminated early.
If you feel as though you have seen this show before, it is no wonder; Real World Washington DC is the twenty-third season of this series.
The musical scores that accompany Luke's battles with Vader contain many a poignant note amidst the bold brass, horns and drums as though the music mourns the lost relationship long before the audience is aware of it.
They result in deep, narrowed pits within the skin, and are thusly named because the skin may appear as though it has been punctured by an ice pick or similarly sharp object.
Many of them are designed to give users the feeling as though they are walking through rooms or other locations, chatting with other users just as though they were literally walking around chatting in the real world.
Some users do not like the fact that more people join Facebook every day because it makes the original users feel as though they are not as unique as they once were.
These stories should serve as a reminder that you should treat your tweets as though you were sharing the information with the entire world - because you are.
Wood floors and gentle lighting help to create a warm and comfortable feeling, accented by a wait staff that encourages patrons to feel as though they are welcome and valued guests.
For a moment her heart beat overtime and it looked as though she might fall, but Alex smoothly caught her and stepped around, covering her fumbling so well that no one appeared to notice.
Mom always used to want everyone home before dark – as though anything was out there at night that wasn't there during the day.
It might appear at first sight as though one connexion would serve, but the differences in pressure on which these instruments depend are so minute, that the pressure of the air in the room where the recording part is placed has to be considered.
It seems as though there were always a number of young men hovering on the brink of such suicidal despair.
He carved human figures with as much accuracy as though The they were destined for purposes of surgical demonstraRealistic tion.
They look as though they could self destruct at any moment, especially the suits that lace up the back side.
You can set a small fairy figure against a full harvest moon, or place her atop a crescent moon as though it were her personal swing.
One legendary piece is Sailor Jerry's portrayal of a ship at sea with the word "Homeward" beneath it accompanied by splashes of vibrant red in the background as though devotion and fury fueled the ship's progress.
It may seem as though there is little room for innovation on products so simple and utilitarian as those, which is exactly why I'm very excited about this challenge.
From Mountain Pose, crouch down on the floor as though you're about to play leap frog, spreading your knees out to the sides just beyond your shoulders.
Mountain Pose may look as though you are 'just standing there'; however, the essence of the pose is to center yourself both physically and mentally, becoming sturdy and unmovable--like a mountain.
While it may seem as though a diagnosis of PDD-NOS like a catchall, it's important in providing insight into the common bonds people with pervasive developmental disorders share.
Using passive voice makes it appear as though you are no longer able to perform the same tasks you once did.
For example, even if a business owner personally feels as though having small children makes an employee more likely to miss work, this does not mean the job application can inquire as to the ages of any children the applicant has.
Lay out goals you want to achieve and make her feel as though she is a vital piece to making it happen, which just might be true.

The word usage examples above have been gathered from various sources to reflect current and historical usage. They do not represent the opinions of YourDictionary.com.
