
When she referred to our conversation again, it was to ask, "Why did not Jesus go away, so that His enemies could not find Him?"
He hurried to find the family of that civil servant in order to restore the daughter to her mother and go to save someone else.
In the eradication of smallpox, as in the near-elimination of polio, I find both fascinating lessons of history and enormous reason for hope.
Even those who seem for a long while not to have any, if you inquire more narrowly you will find have some stored in somebody's barn.
As Jackson moved away, I heard him say to another officer, "Put a guard on him until we find out what happened."
If I can't today have this child so abruptly placed in police care, I shall drive down the road and find another.
We had two runaways in a row followed by a location Howie couldn't find and a wake-up interruption from outside noise.
I, for one, would like to find a secure place in a medium size town, with all of us living nearby.
I'll have to find a way to keep her for a week or two I've been lonely so long now.
Nor would most authorities offer any help in a search to find the source of their tips when they were forced to admit to them.
The police sometimes don't even hear the entire tip... just enough to lead them in the right direction, and find the person.
I find it is funded by corporations, do-gooders, trust funds, individuals, and off shore ghost entities... unfortunately, too many names to pursue each and every one.
While the fools looked for my car nearby, I, in spite of excruciating pain, managed to escape their feeble efforts to find me.
I don't know where we'll find a place to do our thing; this joint is like a zoo with honking horns and either back-fires or gunshots!
He didn't have anything on him after we put him down so I guess he didn't find what he was looking for.
Knowing the local police included Detective Jackson, I suggested he contact the Simi Valley attorney first to find out if the vehicle I saw was in fact his.
I never did find out what Howie told Detective Jackson but whatever was said, it put Jackson in a tizzy.
I told her when I returned from my preparations in the cabin I'd better find my little angle quiet or she could watch her mother die before her eyes.
At under five and a half feet, she wasn't sure how she was supposed to find her brother among the people around her.
Her beautiful eyes no longer sparkled, and he was surprised to find he felt the absence of her warmth and liveliness.
Part of her wanted to return to her home that very night, and another part of her feared what she'd find if she did.
Staying in the basement where the Other could find and kill him wasn't his top choice, but at least he was in the house.
He looked down, and she bounded to the kitchen, surprised to find her breathing ragged after such a simple kiss.
She knew she needed to leave him but couldn't find it in her to abandon the only place she'd ever felt safe.
She took it and closed her eyes, determined to find a way to use her gift to counter her father's magic.
A couple of them were talking quietly, but she didn't hear them, instead unable to fathom that anyone would find her life worth protecting after her father hadn't.
No one could find Damian's HQ unless they were on the guest list, or one of his Guardians revealed its location.
She was pretty sure Damian would find her no matter where she tried to go, but damn them all, she was going home.
She collected what she could find and perched in a chair, reading until sundown, when the hunger pangs hit her again.
He began to understand why and couldn't help but feel frustrated at having to find a way to win her instead of command her.
She was surprised to find the idea of tasting him didn't repulse her, as if the intimate bond with him was natural.
No part of her wanted to reveal what Gabriel told her or that she meant it when she said she would find a way to help him.
Second, find out when the general manager of the fast food joint where she worked was returning from maternity leave.
Find all the old men that live on the mountains or in the flat country around, and command them to appear before me one week from to-day.
Many people have thought that any attempt to find the principles in her method would be nothing but a later theory superimposed on Miss Sullivan's work.
The driver had driven in circles and down every back alley he could find until Jule was confident there was no one tailing them.
Her chest was tight and her breath short, but she knew there was one way to find out what happened to Damian.
The death visions, the distrust everyone on the planet had for a soul-reader, the inability to eat … they were nothing compared to helping a man find his soul again.
She didn't know what the former deity sensed, but she wasn't going to stick around too long to find out.
Cynthia devoured every publication she could find on the subject and was looking forward to spending some quality time hiking the high country, if the demand of Bird Song's chores would allow snatches of free time.
When a child does something bad, we talk about it—try to find out why—make sure we all learn from our mistakes.
Yeah. I guess we went in—a little way— but it wasn't so bad until the flashlight started dimming and I got scared we wouldn't find our way out in the dark.
At first I couldn't find 'em but when I did, I yelled at Caleb until he calmed down enough so we could get out.
Fred was dressed for the occasion—dapper suit, bow tie, and vest—while the Deans donned the grubbiest attire they could find.
Dean was hoping to find it or at least telltale signs that a body had decomposed on this spot, but no such evidence was apparent.
With renewed caution, the pair followed the chalk arrow, not the stones, expecting any minute to find someone barring their return.
He could lie and tell them he was a police officer or sheriff and maybe squeeze some tidbit of information about recently released mom Patsy, but surely Fitzgerald would find out and tank his election ambitions, if those aspirations weren't already six feet under.
I couldn't find nothing on Josh without a last name, but Ed Plotke was in the phone book for six years between  and .
All we were trying to do is respond to a little girl's wishes and find out the identity of the skeleton she found.
If I find out it was one of those Dawkins boys, I'll respond in like fashion, and out in the open, not hiding behind boulders.
With his hands free, he unfastened the larger flashlight and pointed it downward, trying to find a path level enough to search further, now absent the security of the totally expended rope.
Of course her father went ballistic when he found out she was pregnant and tried to find Josh, but he didn't have any luck.
If something even more untoward than what the scene implied had actually occurred last evening, Dean would find himself squeezed between the proverbial rock and a hard place.
They spent the evening in their private quarters mulling over the possibilities and skirting the question that Lydia had actually killed her boss, which in spite of mounting concern, Dean continued to find unlikely.
The overload of emotions, the inability to read Gabriel's mind to find out what he thought, so she knew what to say or do.
They seem to think if they can find it, they'll be able to replace you with a Death of their choice.
Even if they got human-Deidre away from Darkyn, Darkyn could find and reclaim her anywhere she was hidden, outside of Death's underworld.
Determined to find some peace and quiet, Wynn ignored the men racing in different directions through the hallways and went to one of the back stairwells.
It crossed her mind to go in and find him, but he didn't need assistance and probably needed the time to himself as well.
The doctor said they could find no reason for him to stay in a coma, except the possibility of brain damage from lack of oxygen or blood loss.
On the smallest of chances she was alive, she would've had to find a loophole to surrender her duty without losing her soul.
She wanted to feel his large hands on her body and to find out what it was about him that made her feel like he was the only real person she'd ever met.
The idea she'd hidden it somewhere he couldn't find was driving him mad, along with the scent of the human blood coating the walls of the far bedroom.
If what Wynn said was true, Gabriel needed as much time as he could find to figure out how to save her.
Terrified she'd find him in the tub, nothing more than a pile of bones, she pushed herself away from the wall and focused hard on calling a portal.
She didn't believe for one minute he was going to find a way to prevent her from dying in three months.
Gabriel, if you can't find an option to save me, will you swear to let me live out what I have left in peace?
One minute, telling me you don't want anything to do with me beyond your duty and the next, sitting on the beach with me for hours because you're worried I'll find a tall building to dive off of, she grumbled.
If Tamer didn't find the tidbit of history from the time-before-time about forced soul extraction, the plan was never going to have more than a five percent chance of working, even with Wynn.
They had a journey to make together before they were in a functional relationship, but they'd never have that chance, if he didn't find a way to buy them all time.
He just needed to find the right combination of factors that would allow him to withdraw the soul from her head without killing her.
She was in a lot of trouble, but at least, if Wynn left, he'd tell Gabriel where to find her.
Whatever happened, whatever this is" Deidre gestured wildly at the tattoo on her back "Gabriel will find a way to fix it.
She squeezed through the hole in the wall to find there wasn't enough of the floor left to walk on let alone make it to the door across the apartment.
She pulled on the jumper, not expecting it to fit and surprised to find the leather-like material as flexible as spandex.
He wanted to keep Sasha talking, to find out what it was about this woman that was so special that both Sasha and Kris wanted her.
She knelt beside the fish and unwrapped them with a grimace, cheered to find the section of rope nearly five feet long.
She'd never thought she'd find a reason to want some creature to suck her blood; if ever, now was the time.
And then you'd have to find someone older than Andre to wipe my memory and put everything the way it was.
Only to find herself staring at the bubbles of blood forming from within his fist, which was clamped around the blade of a knife a few inches from her face.
She roamed the apartment again and opened all the closets and drawers, not surprised to find them filled, as if she'd lived there all her life and hadn't just arrived.
He didn't want to try to interpret the look or await her scathing return, not when he needed to find a place for them go to.
It doesn't matter what I feel, Rhyn, when I know I don't belong in this world or here with you, and I know without a doubt I won't survive, even if you find some place on another planet to stash me!
He brought us a vial of blood to replace you as a test subject, and he knows where we can find the information to break your bond to Rhyn.
Sasha may not have pulled the trigger on Andre, but someone he knew where to find their oldest brother, who had been protecting Katie when he was rendered dead-dead.
I will make him our tool, Jade said, his mind working fast to find a way to keep Darkyn from destroying everyone.
Hannah had been a kept woman with no problems since meeting Gio, whereas Katie had always struggled to find her path.
Despite telling her he wouldn.t, he dropped into her thoughts to feel a little closer to her and was surprised to find she was packing to leave.
She heard no signs of the demon pursing but trotted down the stairs, hoping to find another way into the dungeons where the Immortal warriors lived.
For her sake, he had to find a way to live with Katie, or their differences would turn into a family feud.
You will find him and bring the vial or the girl to me, or I will spend eternity tormenting you!
He would.ve taken her and run away somewhere safe where no one would ever find them, as he initially wanted to do.
He'd continue the war until he won back his planet and birthright by force, then find another way to heal his planet.
Just when she was about to dart away from the door and hide behind any piece of furniture she could find, the footsteps stopped.
She pushed herself away from the doorframe and retreated to her room, only to find the prisoner's bracelet didn't work.
She reached out and took them, surprised to find them there and even more surprised at how strongly she'd missed them.
If she proved to be as he suspected she was, she might find herself the first woman in his society given the official position of strategy battle planner, a position traditionally held by the dhjan alone.
It was not possible that any man could take her or that there was any place she could go that he could not find her.
Her look of soul-deep sorrow touched him, and he recalled what he felt as a youth to find his father and mother dead and his family hunted and forced out of their own home.
He held her for a long moment, surprised to find her sorrow echoed in his breast at knowing she might choose to leave.
She wanted to curl up in the pod and sob until he rescued her, even knowing he'd never know where to find her.
Then, as if to change the subject, she added, to Fred, "I'm sure you'll find she was happy, wherever she lived."
This girl can find a handhold on a sheet of glass and she's as strong as any man I know.
I noticed the newspaper always gave a big spread for weddings, so as long as I was there I thought I'd try and find Annie and the Reverend's marriage.
If I had a date when this Lola lady died, I might find something, but I'm not sure what good it would do us.
Weller's only concession was to say he'd talk to Shipton in hopes of getting him to leave voluntarily, if he could find the time.
I been trying to find out some poop about that guy on the Internet but it's a whole lot easier checking out hundred year old folks than living ones.
The five of us sat together at the restaurant this evening and after Edith and I went to the ladies room, we came back to find Claire livid and Mr. Shipton laughing.
She didn't seem surprised to find others in the living room and took a seat next to Effie, looking less a nighttime specter than an exhausted victim.
Someone cut the son of a bitch's line and I'm the one who's stuck trying to find out who did it.
If you don't come up with some answers, you're going to find the police at our door, asking you some pretty pointed questions.
He woke with a start, to find Edith Shipton, with only her long blonde hair covering the body that was snuggling against him!
If you can't find a fixed rappel, you have to rig one, but at popular climbing spots, like in the ice park, there's lots of choices 'cause it's climbed so much.
Dean jogged up the hill to ice park, hoping to find Penny and Mick, and perhaps Donald Ryland, before confronting Jerome Shipton.
Sarah broke down weeping at the hopelessness, and as much as Jackson desired to comfort her, he could not find the strength.
They were cultured, not at all savages, and for the first time since his capture, he held a glimmer of hope that he might find some semblance of happiness again.
The bottom line is, if this guy really loves you, he will find it in himself to accept you, fangs and all.
He would find a bar where gangs hung out and purposely pick a fight with the biggest, most obnoxious member.
At this time of day, the best option would be to go to Stanton Street where the expensive boutiques were, and hope to find a lonely, rich wife getting back at her husband by spending his money.
He steadied himself with his hands on his knees for a moment, panting; then opened a bottle and started to drink, fast; desperate to find oblivion.
Well, I thought maybe I would wait until the next full moon, then find Elisabeth and let her rip out what's left of my guts.
When she closed her laptop, Jackson said, "I thought after, we could head toward the water and find a restaurant for lunch, then walk the beach if it's not too cold."
This isn't exactly the best way to go about turning, but in the end, I suspect you will find it to be the right decision.
I know this is not how you planned your life with him, but I am certain, when all is said and done, you'll find this to be the best course for you both.
