
Last summer I spent in one of the loveliest nooks of one of the most charming villages in New England.
Little gray haired Effie wore a perpetual smile on her pretty face, a tad on the silly side but charming nonetheless, in a bewildered sort of way.
Nestling gently into the pine clad hillside this very charming stone clad hillside this very charming stone clad country cottage is an absolute delight.
A Japanese interpreter attended a concert and later 'he came personally to thank me... and was a most charming conversationalist ' .
The town is worth a visit in its own right, with its charming cottages of Cotswold stone and Georgian facades.
The disappearance of Steffani was the talk of Venice, but I did not inform the charming countess of that circumstance.
This charming vintage evening bag has a stiffened cloth body, totally covered in tiny faux pearls, in a wonderful swirling design.
This is a charming piece of vintage costume jewelry that will add a touch of vintage glitz to any outfit.
Unquestionably one of Europe's most charming cities, Lucerne also has the added virtue of stunning lakeside and mountain scenery on its doorstep.
He said what a charming old lady her mother was, and the girl suddenly revealed a similar capacity to chatter.
This is a charming little restaurant, with a good value plat du jour and a wide selection of simple inexpensive meals.
Primrose Product information This charming native primrose Product information This charming native primrose is one of the first spring flowers.
What does remain is charming and makes for a pleasant hour or two strolling around the town and it's fortified promontory.
Set just outside the charming village of Crantock with its thatched and colorful cottages, the park overlooks secluded Crantock Beach.
Snake charming - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia The first task a would-be snake charmer must tackle is to get a snake charming - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia The first task a would-be snake charmer must tackle is to get a snake.
The charming sommelier steered us toward a German Riesling, saying that that it was the perfect accompaniment to Chinese food.
The Seaton tramway The Tramway Today The Seaton Tramway is a charming narrow gage tram line operated by miniature replica streetcars.
Newcomer Oliver Golding does a believable and charming job as the young urchin Ewin, tho he's clearly not a native Scot.
This charming and almost complete well-house of c.  stands over an ancient holy well, believed to cure whooping cough.
Undaunted by many failures, she dramatized several of her novels with moderate success - Francois le champi, played at the Odeon in , and Les Beaux Messieurs de Bois-Dore () were the best; Claudie, produced in , is a charming pastoral play, and Le Marquis de Villemer () (in which she was helped by Dumas fits) was a genuine triumph.
Plutarch gives in his life of Pericles a charming account of the vast artistic activity which went on at Athens while that statesman was in power.
It is at the same time commonplace enough in conception; but there is much that is charming in the descriptions, Jonson and Lyly being respectively laid under contribution in the course of the dialogue, and in one of the incidental lyrics.
His volumes of reminiscence, Cheerful Yesterdays (), Old Cambridge (), Contemporaries (), and Part of a Man's Life (), are characteristic and charming works.
Its environs are charming, and to the north of it, on an eminence, rise the fine ruins of the castle of Greifenstein, built by the German king Henry I., and from  to  the seat of a cadet branch of the counts of Schwarzburg.
It proved a congenial task, and led to the writing of his Personal Memoirs, a frank, modest and charming book, which ranks among the best standard military biographies.
The harbour, with the ceaseless activity of shipping, its calm waters, sheltered by many islands, and its well-wooded shores studded with pleasant watering-places, affords a series of charming views, apart from its claim to be considered one of the finest natural harbours in the kingdom.
At the same time he cultivated literature, entertaining poets and writers both at the Luxembourg and at his chÃ¢teau of Brunoy (see Dubois-Corneau, Le Comte de Provence a Brunoy, ), and gaining a reputation for wit by his verses and mots in the salon of the charming and witty comtesse de Balbi, one of Madame's ladies, who had become his mistress,  and till  exerted considerable influence over him.
It turned out to a charming and interesting town, which I enjoyed wandering around rubbernecking at the buildings, shops and the locals.
Snake charming - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia The first task a would-be snake charmer must tackle is to get a snake.
A first ever fourth-round appearance had stirred the locals in this charming spa town more used to thundering hooves than thunderous volleys.
The Seaton Tramway The Tramway Today The Seaton Tramway is a charming narrow gage tram line operated by miniature replica streetcars.
Newcomer Oliver Golding does a believable and charming job as the young urchin Ewin, tho he 's clearly not a native Scot.
The advantage of taking photos of your baby at home is that you can do it when your baby is at his or her most charming; there is no need to schedule ahead.
From their unique personality and delightful characteristics to their interesting history and charming traits, there are many fascinating facts about Siamese cats.
AdirondackFurniture.com is a charming website with a beautiful collection of antique-looking jelly cabinets that will add charm to any interior.
Webbed lawn furniture has a nostalgic and charming feel to it, and having some on your patio can conjure up fond memories of days gone by.
The holiday season is especially charming at The Breakers when the entire mansion is decked in greenery and holiday finery.
Rustic, yet charming; sturdy, yet rough; rustic barn wood furniture brings the feel of th century farm life into the living room and dining room.
If space permits, a small game table with two side chairs is a charming addition to a cozy corner of any family room.
The rustic interior design in Park City, Utah, definitely reflects the splendor of the great outdoors with a mixture of charming cabins, grand lodges, and posh resorts.
A tree lovingly decorated with handmade ornaments by the kids and overflowing with ornaments gathered over decades of shared Christmases is utterly charming and works in any home.
There is something for everyone to enjoy - from the charming style of the French countryside to the timeless metropolitan beauty of Paris.
By combining second-hand finds with your existing pieces of furniture you can create an eclectic look and style that will be not only charming but interesting as well.
So whether you want something cute and fun, sophisticated and elegant, or a charming mix of the two, a beach theme is a great way to go.
Kitchen borders can look wonderful over built-in cabinets and make that small spot between the ceiling and the top of the cabinets look charming.
Crowded around the pots were little jars of sparkling, summery nail polishes, gleaming lip glosses and charming dual blush/bronzer compacts.
If you're hoping to go the flirtatious, charming fairy route, consider the elegant looks sported by Drew Barrymore in Ever After and by Michelle Pfeiffer in A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Deep, dramatic and rich, it is a woodsy, heady blend that characterizes the charming mystique of the seductive male, and is marketed primarily to young men.
First, the Pot Rouge looks exactly the way it sounds; it comes in a circular container that is more reminiscent of a painter's tools than makeup artist, but truth be told, the container's actually rather charming.
Everything from lipstick to body lotion is housed inside eye-catching containers or bottles, each more feminine and charming than the last.
Bold graphics, cute images and catchy names practically do all the work for the products, but I learned years ago that even the most charming packaging could hold the most atrocious products.
A simple cross stitch in each corner of your dominant photo is an easy way to add a charming touch to your project.
For example, all it takes is a few simple stitches and a pretty button center to turn a die cut felt flower into a charming embellishment for your layout.
This shirt is rather charming with the bride of Frankenstein blowing a kiss that gives way to a puff of skulls and pink hearts.
A piece of fresh fruit in season will look beautiful on the reception tables and can be a charming favor when accompanied with an appropriate favor tag.
A crystal, pearl, or other solitaire charm, such as a silver heart or floral design, on a pretty chain will also be a charming accent.
Some cakes are even completely crazy shapes, with each layer being different and angled to create an unbalanced yet charming design.
For those who had childhood fantasies of a Cinderella wedding gown or being swept off their feet by prince charming, then a Bridal Collection dress is ideal for you.
There's just something relaxed and charming about the entire affair, from the beautiful weather and backdrop to the color palettes and tendency for guests to go barefoot.
If you were one of these girls and you have finally found your Prince Charming, there are many things you can do to make your wedding a true fairytale.
Instead of a Disney character wedding cake, you can get a Disney topper designed to look like Cinderella and Prince Charming if you and your future spouse head to Disneyland as often as possible.
With her sparkling eyes, bubbly personality, and charming onscreen presence, Cameron Diaz has evolved from a low-budget star to one of the highest grossing women in Hollywood.
In all likelihood your Dora the Explorer clothing purchases will last longer than your little ones interest in the charming little girl who loves big adventures.
Parents know what those who don't have toddlers forget - a charming dress is not likely to stay clean throughout an entire party.
This makes for a charming dress, but can be a bit more work to clean and maintain than most parents care to undertake.
One of the fun things about having a little girl of any age is the ability to dress her up in adorable outfits that are sweet and charming to everyone she meets.
Stores that still are genuine boutiques are far pricier because they tend to offer individual garments made locally under fair practices with higher quality fabric and charming details.
You will still have to wash in cold water and hang dry, but you'll have created something charming and unique for your daughter that everyone is sure to love.
Instead of trying to hem the denim, which requires a heavy needle, you can stitch on an embroidered ribbon, thus giving the shorts a unique and charming style of their own.
The charming Julia Belle Swain was built in  and is considered one of the few authentic steam-powered passenger vessels still in operation on the Mississippi.
The company's ultra-luxe vessels are the ideal way to discover the heart of Europe's charming waterside villages and exciting cultural centers.
Enter the dog groomers, those wonderful souls who take our dirty dogs and turn them back into Prince or Princess Charming all over again.
Celmisia - Charming Daisy-like plants from New Zealand, where they fill the mountain meadows with cushions of downy leaves covered with glistening Daisy-like flowers.
Heliotropes, though quiet in color, are charming flower garden plants, either when grown for their own sakes as simple masses or when associated with tall plants which grow above them.
Common Auricula (Primula Auricula) - In a wild state this is one of the many charming Primulas that rival Gentians, Pinks, and Forget-me-Nots in making the alpine fields so exquisitely beautiful.
It is charming for a wall, preferring partial shade, such as that of a wall facing east or west, and does best in peaty or sandy soil.
Siberia, it is hardy in the open air, requires no protection during winter, and we have never known it fail to bear freely its charming and fragrant flowers.
The neat grey leaves are nearly like those of a Rock Rose, while the charming pure white flowers, composed of petals set like a Maltese cross, are fragrant and appear in June.
I. nepalensis is a charming form from India, with flowers from  to  inches long, the standards rich dark violet-purple, the falls intense violet, striped white and purple at the base, with yellow and reddish markings.
G. tenuifolia is a species long known, which thrives in the open, and forms charming tufts covered with pretty flowers in summer.
Trollius Acaulis - A native of the Himalayan Mountains, and one of the most charming dwarf bog plants,  to  inches in height, its bright yellow flowers,  inches across, suffused with purple-brown on the outside.
Tufted Hairbell (Wahlenbergia) - A charming group of alpine plants allied to the Hairbells, and mostly inhabiting the mountains of Dalmatia and Asia Minor.
Persian Iris (Iris Persica) - One of the most charming of the early kinds, it deserves a place wherever the soil is warm and dry.
To produce the best results these charming plants must be strongly grown, and robust specimens can only be obtained by thin sowing.
Of the numerous kinds in cultivation the best is L. roseus, which is one of the most charming of hardy annuals, forming dense tufts, studded with rosy-carmine flowers.
Lily-of-the-Field (Sternbergia) - Charming hardy bulbs with flowers of firm texture, better able to withstand bad weather than the Autumn Crocus.
It is specially adapted for the rock garden, should receive similar treatment to the Ceterach (to which it forms a charming companion), and should, like it, be associated with Sedums and alpine plants.
America, of the Lily order, and forming one of the most charming groups of hardy plants, the colors of the flowers varied and beautiful.
It is a charming plant, thriving best in sandy or peaty soil under shrubs, growing only a few inches high.
A few of the smaller species rival in delicacy of form and color some of the charming Maidenhair Ferns, and may be associated with flowering plants, or those of fine foliage.
M. anthriscifolia is an elegant Fern,  to  inches high, hardy, deciduous, charming in spring and summer, and of easy culture.
Mitre-flower (Mitraria) - M. coccinea is a bright charming little shrub from Chili, hardy in mild districts, but generally requiring winter protection.
Since the flowers come before the leaves grow tall, it makes a good pot plant, and a well-grown clump is a charming addition to the Christmas table.
On the other hand, not a few are quite unlike any other known kinds, such as the charming R. racemosum, in which we have a distinct new type of Rhododendron.
R. ciliicalyx is another charming plant with even larger white flowers flushed with rose, but it is untried as to hardiness.
New Zealand Laburnum (Sophora) - S. tetraptera is a large tree in its own country, and makes a charming wall-plant here.
O. Halleri has charming, compact flowers, of as deep a blue as that of the Gentians, and proves a manageable plant in the rock garden in deep moist loam.
It flowers about the middle of May, just after the foliage unfolds, and affords a charming contrast between tender green leaves and snow-white flowers as large as florins.
It is a charming plant for the rock garden, planted in pure sand and leaf-mould, and fully exposed to the sun.
It is fairly hardy, and grows best in moist districts, with a mild winter, such as Cornwall, where charming carpets of this little plant are not uncommon in shady places.
The Tasmanian Apple-berry is a charming shrub for a low wall, or it may be grown in pots plunged outside and trained on old Bamboo stems, so as to be taken indoors when the fruits are colored.
A Rose Selection Lutea - This very distinct Rose is better known through the forms derived from it than in its wild form, pretty as that is, and it would be charming to grow on warm banks.
If you're going for a romantic princess feel on prom night, complete with your prince charming in tow and a gorgeous full gown, a classic party prom updo hairstyle is definitely the right choice.
Previously, Charming Shoppes, Inc., and Fashion Bug sold a line of plus size maternity clothes called Bundle of Joy, but this line is no longer in production.
Some are complimentary (if you are a tourist staying in a hotel), and some you will have to pay for (if you find a charming street vendor who doesn't give change).
Most agree that Valerie Bertinelli is a charming, magnetic and beautiful actress, and back in , the producers of the hit television comedy show, One Day at a Time, were the first to spot that talent.
The end result is quite charming indeed; the color stays elegant, while the small star pattern adds to the couture-like quality.
Kelly Ripa is known for being the outspoken, talkative and charming co-host to Regis Philbin on Live with Regis and Kelly.
The overall look of this swimsuit is charming and playful, to the point where you can almost see a short, curly-haired, doe-eyed beauty frolicking in the waves.
The colors available here are too numerous to list, but suffice it to say that you can find everything from a charming paisley print to a sparkling purple cut.
Depicting Chinese scenes of nature, the halter top is held fast around the neck with a charming bass ring tie.
They don't have a very large selection, but their swim diaper and top combinations come in fun and charming fabrics.
These charming and reasonably priced hamsters were an immediate hit with kids and parents; their manufacturer Cepia has since launched other pets, clothing, accessories and environments for the popular critters.
Winter is when dressing to impress means putting on the glitz, with elements like decadent faux fur, sparkly sequins, charming ruffles, brilliant baubles, show-stopping statement accessories and more.
You might even consider a playful cherry print, which is slightly out of left field but still charming enough to work in most situations.
Written by Frank Peretti, this book is the charming story of how Daniel and his mother must sell a box of old Christmas ornaments to help pay the rent after the family falls on hard times.
Even though most people think of winter scenes as taking place in the family room or living room during Christmas, they can also be in the kitchen or anywhere else you want to turn into a charming holilday space.
You can choose from charming red rompers with attached belts and hats or buntings that feature delightful pompom buttons and fur-trimmed chapeaus.
Many families will make a full day for their children to enjoy their costumes, taking them for tea at the Plaza, Alice's Tea Cup or the many other such establishments that create a charming and holiday atmosphere.
If you find Santa to be a charming way to delight the kids this season, consider all they fun they could have with a group of reindeer suits and even and Mrs. Claus too!
The people arranging the game will probably try to match people up in a way that's funny or interesting so don't expect to find your Prince Charming or Ms. Right.
Virgo finds Libra to be charming and they appreciate how Libra likes to be fair and do the right thing.
Competitive spirit can be charming, but if you seek to beat your date at everything from sports to funny stories; you're not charming, you're just a bore.
There are many romantic ways to propose at lunch that can be sweet, creative, and charming without the pomp of elaborate dinner plans or other extensive arrangements.
Many read more like textbooks than novels, though some autobiographies are just as full of charming anecdotes and beautiful language as memoirs.
This is why designers like Dooney & Bourke took the time to carefully knock-off that charming multicolored pattern and created the IT collection.
During his athletic career he designed a tennis shirt, characterized by that charming crocodile emblem that appears on the left breast of Lacoste polos, which took the world by storm.
First, it comes in two eye-catching designs, one with a giant red flower and the other with a bouquet of flowers paired with a charming palm tree.
A charming bit of luxury, the bag is designed in quilted house check canvas and trimmed in dark nickel leather with silver-tone hardware.
With its charming heart-shaped logo, Roxy's target market naturally progressed to a younger group of females who adore playful, fun attire.
You'll find a few charming, girly and very teen-friendly styles here, including two with a green, pink and yellow pattern, brown leather trim and rhinestone-studded buckles.
Many designers are getting in on the act because the bags are so eye-popping and charming, but the originator of the handbags is Ecoist.
Unique prom purses contribute to the overall mood of the evening, adding something fanciful and charming to your look while serving as a functional companion to hold your essentials.
If you love unique style that is at once disarmingly charming and eclectic, then you are going to love these handbags.
From striking patent leathers and richly embossed pythons to playful signature patterns and charming hearts, there is truly something for everyone.
You can be charming and generous to your close friends, but you also have a propensity for putting yourself first, so work on this weak spot in your character.
In Sagittarius, Jupiter lends an expansive, charming and happy-go-lucky attitude; you can always count on Sags to spread a bit of sunshine, no matter where they go!
Ruled by the planet Mercury, the Gemini personality has a duality that others find charming and frustrating in equal amounts.
Virgo's no slouch when it comes to penning a romantic love letter either, and many people find this trait quite charming.
Aries natives are strong in both body and mind, and they have a delightfully charming way of picking themselves up after a set-back, dusting themselves off and getting right back into the ring of life.
After all, he’s charming, sexy and magnetic, and he has a zest for life that is as refreshing as a strong, salty ocean breeze.
Cinderella, star of Disney's Cinderella, is rescued from her wicked stepmother and jealous sisters by her Fairy Godmother and Prince Charming.
These facilities may be clean, offer good food, and have a charming staff, but they may not focus on any set Preschool Curriculum.
At first I wasn't going to "do" heels because there are so many ways to make flats and low heels beautiful, charming, fresh, and elegant -- and even sexy.
It might be a bit on the conventional side, but don't let that keep you from trying on these charming shoes.
The shoe itself is actually rather charming with its silver, space-inspired coloring and daintily adorned silver flowers, but the heel is quite high.
Crafted from top quality soft suede, the Moc toe finish has a charming stitch design that looks quite handsome indeed.
The colorful Holly Braid style is available in green, red and black, and features a joyous holly trim along the border.The Holiday clog is equally charming, available in the same colors and boasting a cheerful floral trim.
Some women even wear them outside from time to time, simply because they're so charming that they seem to fit in quite well with a stylish wardrobe.
Not only is the velour upper undeniably soft, but the details are simply charming, from the dainty bow and ribbon to the faux fur trim.
From his classic metallic ballet slippers to his charming mouse ballerina flats, there's something for everyone in the wide and varied mix.
A series of small Tinkerbells linked in flight around an upper arm or ankle to form a bracelet could make a very charming tattoo.
A series of smaller Tinkerbells linked in flight around an upper arm or ankle to form a bracelet could make a very charming tattoo.
The charming town of Fredericksburg, Texas is situated in the Texas Hill Country, just  miles west of Austin and  miles northwest of San Antonio.
All Aboard Inn -  Brownell Street; Georgetown, CO ;() -;() - - This charming three-bedroom Colorado bed and breakfast inn dates back to the days of the Colorado gold rush.
Separated from south Florida by a string of barrier islands, Key West is known for its charming architecture, its excellent seafood, incomparable sunsets, and casual and playful atmosphere.
Island City House Hotel -  William St.; Key West, FL ;() -;() - - This charming Key West bed and breakfast inn is the oldest continually operating guest house on the island.
It is also within easy walking distance of downtown Charleston, which is home to  award-winning restaurants and a host of charming shops.
Disney, for instance, has a whole range of charming characters and watches including Micky Mouse watches and clocks, and these popular cartoons can help brighten even the most dark of mornings.
By today's standards, Patek watches still make for a valuable investment and are just as charming as watches from modern times.
Time required is less than an hour and the end result is a charming accessory that will dress up any outfit.
One of the most charming facets of the churches within the California is the carefully preserved missions and churches within the state.
The charming pastels and poufy bows on the baby dolls make them highly desirable, so it's no wonder you can find vintage and retro baby dolls all over the Internet.
A lovely long nightgown with a V-neck, buttons and cap lace sleeves, charming enough that it could be worn as a vintage evening dress, is offered at $..
A classic nightgown from the s starts at ., and with its tied waist, fitted bodice and charming embroidered daffodils, it almost begs to be seen in public.
Simple and basic, but oh so sweet and charming, it's a great way to feel fully dressed from the inside out.
For a gentleman presenting himself as a wrapped gift to his significant other, a cowboy hat, leather gloves, or just a charming smile make perfect accompaniments.
This Swedish indie queen is starting to make waves in the US for her vaguely Regina Spektor like vocals, her charming lyrics, and her lovely little piano based ditties.
Bentley is perhaps best known for his role as Sean Diddy Combs' personal assistant in the Making the Band series, as he stood out for being impeccably dressed, well-spoken, and extremely charming in a world of highly pressured stars.
Without faltering, GrandPré has again achieved excellence with her artistry and compliments Rowling's words with charming illustrations to provoke the imagination.
A charming giant prone to rhyming, a master swordsman with a lust for vengeance and, of course, the dashing hero in a mask all help make the characters in the Princess Bride unforgettable.
Q is played by actor John deLancie, who gives the character an arrogance that would be charming if it wasn't so annoying.
In Shrek the Third, three empowered fairy tale princesses rescue the ogre from an evil Prince Charming in the final scenes of the movie.
Packaged in a charming pink tote bag, the set contains a three and a half ounce lotion, a one ounce eau de toilette and even a bonus lip gloss palette.
During the summer, enjoy the first-rate customer service on the restaurant's patio or seated inside, surrounded by charming, yet rustic decor.
The Deans couldn't hear the conversation but assumed it was one more lady in waiting for the senior Prince Charming's favor.
Dean managed to hand her his business card but she seemed to dismiss it, with eyes only for the charming Fred O'Connor.
But a romantic interest attaches to the wreck of the " Wager," one of Anson's fleet, on a desert island near Chiloe, for it bore fruit in the charming narrative of Captain John Byron, which will endure for all time.
In Bothwell also, "the glorious, rash and hazardous young man," romantic, handsome, charming even in his guilt, Mary gained what she lacked in her husband, a lover.
A very charming piece of work of a lighter kind was inspired by a question from his friend, Mrs Katherine Phillips (the "matchless Orinda"), asking "How far is a dear and perfect friendship authorized by the principles of Christianity?"
This did not suit him, but from March  to July  he was at home at a charming house called La Solitude, above Hyeres; this was in many ways to be the happiest station in the painful and hurrying pilgrimage of Stevenson's life.
A charming style, a vivid fancy, exhaustive research, were not to be expected from a hard-worked barrister; but he must certainly be held responsible for the frequent plagiarisms, the still more frequent inaccuracies of detail, the colossal vanity which obtrudes on almost every page,'the hasty insinuations against the memory of the great departed who were to him as giants, and the petty sneers which he condescends to print against his own contemporaries, with whom he was living from day to day on terms of apparently sincere friendship.
More popular than any of the preceding, and well known in England through Sir John Bowring's translation, are the charming lyrics of Alexander Petofi (q.v.), the " Burns " of Hungary.
The second class of Hungarian modern novelists is led by the well-known Koloman Mikszath, a poet endowed with originality, a charming naiveté, and a freshness of observation from life.
Along with high intellectual powers in certain directions, he had a simplicity of nature charming in itself, but often calculated to render him the easy prey of sharpers.
The heron (sagi) constitutes a charming feature in a Japanese landscape, especially the silver heron (shira-sagi), which displays its brilliant white plumage in the rice-fields from spring to early autumn.
Mention should also be made of several charming series of fairy tales, of which that published in English by the Kobunsha in Tokyo in  is perhaps the best.
Kawanabe ItchO is celebrated for his representations of flowers and foliage, and Morishita Morihachi and Asano Saburo (of Kaga) are admirable in all styles, but especially, perhaps, in the charming variety called togi-dashi (ground down), which is pre-eminent for its satin-like texture and for the atmosphere of dreamy softness that pervades the decoration.
It is a well-wooded tract, in many places stretching out in charming glades like an English park, but it has a very sparse population and little cultivated land.
He was a charming talker, with a gay humour and a quiet sarcasm and a telling use of anecdote for argument.
The Merrimac, the second stream of the state in volume, runs in a charming valley through the extreme northeast corner, and affords immensely valuable water-power at Lowell, Lawrence and Haverhill.
At any rate it is clear from the extant work of Herodotus that he must have devoted himself early to the literary life, and commenced that extensive course of reading which renders him one of the most instructive as well as one of the most charming of ancient writers.
Even then Rousseau did not settle at once in the anomalous but to him charming position of domestic lover to this lady, who, nominally a converted Protestant, was in reality, as many women of her time were, a kind of deist, with a theory of noble sentiment and a practice of libertinism tempered by good nature.
Though very unequal, and exceedingly simple both in style and construction, it contains some charming melodies, and is written throughout in the most refined taste.
On the banks of the Passaic is a house having as a part of its walls the old walls of Cockloft Hall, in which Washington Irving frequently sojourned, and of which he gave a charming description in Salmagundi.
Of the amiable personal character and the placid life of Isaac D'Israeli a charming picture is to be found in the brief memoir prefixed to the  edition of Curiosities of Literature, by his son Lord Beaconsfield.
It Is No Longer A Living Spirit Among The People At Large; But In Secluded Villages And " Back Concessions " One Can Still Hear Some Charming Melodies As Old And Pure As The Verses To Which They Are Sung, And Even A Few Quaint Survivals Of Gregorian Tunes.
The surrounding country is one of the prettiest and most fertile regions in Cuba, varied with woods, rivers, rocky gulches, beautiful cascades and charming tropic vegetation.
They give an old-fashioned and restful appearance to a garden, and in the interstices charming little plants like thyme, Ionopsidium acaule, &c., are allowed to grow.
Amongst shrubby plants suitable for edgings are the evergreen candytuft (Iberis sempervirens), Euonymus radicans variegata, ivy, and Euonymus microphyllus - a charming little evergreen with small serrated leaves.
Charming dwarf hardy bulbous plants of the liliaceous order, blooming in the early spring in company with Scilla sibirica, and of equally easy cultivation.
Besides this, P. Sieboldii (cortusoides amoena), I ft., originally deep rose with white eye, but now including many varieties of colour, such as white, pink, lilac and purple; P. japonica, to  ft., crimson-rose; P. denticulate, ft., bright bluish-lilac, with its allies P. erosa and P. purpurea, all best grown in a cold frame; P. viscosa,  in., purple, and its white variety nivalis, with P. pedemontana and P. spectabilis,  in., both purple; and the charming little Indian P. rosea,  to  in., bright cherry-rose colour, are but a few of the many beautiful kinds in cultivation.
Hardy British ferns belonging to such genera as Asplenium, Nephrodium, Aspidium, Scolopendrium, have become fairly popular of late years, and many charming varieties are now used in borders and rockeries.
In the neighbourhood are the Cave of the Winds, the Grand Caverns, charming glens, mountain lakes and picturesque canyons; and the Garden of the Gods, - approached by a narrow gateway between two tremendous masses of red rock  ft.
Thus, not only do we have a beautiful portrait of a woman of Moabite origin, but she becomes the ancestress of David himself, and in the days of these measures the charming and simple story would inevitably suggest the question whether the exclusiveness of Judaism could not be carried too far.
The mother, whose maiden name was Lloyd, is said to have been a woman of high character, charming in person and eminent for piety.
The Saadia are famous for charming and eating live serpents, &c., and the Ilwania for eating fire, glass, &c. The Egyptians firmly believe in the efficacy of charms, a belief associated with that in an omnipresent and over-ruling providence.
Among novelists who were not also poets was Andreas Nikolai de Saint-Aubain (-), who, under the pseudonym of Carl Bernhard, wrote a series of charming romances.
This range encloses many charming valleys and glens; the most prominent feature of its scenery is formed by the forests, chiefly of pines and firs.
The literary results of these years cannot be compared with those of the preceding period; they are virtually limited to a few wonderful lyrics, such as Wanderers Nachtlied, An den Mond, Gesang der Geister fiber den Wassern, or ballads, such as Der Erlkonig, a charming little drama, Die Geschwister (), in which the poet's relations to both Lili and Frau von Stein seem to be reflected, a dramatic satire, Der Triumph der Empfindsamkeit (), and a number of Singspiele, Lila (), Die Fischerin, Scherz, List and Rache, and Jery and Beitely ().
The adhesion of Halebi produced many imitators, and with a retinue of believers, a charming wife and considerable funds, Sabbatai returned in triumph to the Holy Land.
This charming volume of fairy tales was followed up later by a second collection, The House of Pomegranates (), acknowledged by the author to be "intended neither for the British child nor the British public."
It revived in the charming naivete of Cowper's lyrical letters in octosyllabics to his friends, such as William Bull and Lady Austin ().
A few days after his arrival at Agen he fell in love with a charming orphan of thirteen, Andiette de Rogues Lobejac. Her friends objected to her marriage with an unknown adventurer, but in  he had obtained so much success as a physician that the objections of her family were overcome, and at forty-five he married Andiette, who was then sixteen.
The age is noted for its chronicles, beginning with the anonymous life of the Portuguese Cid, the Holy Constable Nuno Alvares Pereira, told in charming infantile prose, the translated Chronica da fundirao do moesteyro de Sam Vicente, and the Vida Fernao Lopes (q.v.), the father of Portuguese history and author of chronicles of King Pedro, King Ferdinand and King John I., has been called by Southey the best chronicler of any age or nation.
The most considered poets of the day joined the Arcadia and Lyric individually wrote much excellent verse, but they Latin authors were the models they chose, and Gargao, the most prominent Arcadian, composed the Cantata de Dido, a gem of ancient art, as well as some charming sonnets to friends and elegant odes and epistles.
Emerson wrote Nature, and Hawthorne his Mosses from an Old Manse, containing a charming description of the building and its associations.
Her best-known story, Mrs Keith's Crime (), was followed by several other volumes, the best of which is Aunt Anne (); and the literary talent in the family was inherited by her daughter Ethel (Mrs Fisher Dilke), a writer of some charming verse.
His historical style has won the warmest eulogy from so temperate a critic as Motley, and his letters are the most charming ever published in the Dutch language.
The chapel was built in  by Matteo Civitali, a local sculptor of the early Renaissance (-); he was the only master of Tuscany outside Florence who worked thoroughly in the Florentine style, and his creations are among the most charming works of the Renaissance.
A small and charming strip of an oblong "Annunciation" at the Louvre is generally accepted as his work, done soon after ; a very highly wrought drawing at the Uffizi, corresponding on a larger scale to the head of the Virgin in the same picture, seems rather to be a copy by a later hand.
A number of studies of heads in pen or silver point, with some sketches for Madonnas, including a charming series in the British Museum for a "Madonna with the Cat," may belong to the same years or the first years of his independence.
In silverpoint there are many beautiful drawings of his earlier time, and some of his later; but of the charming heads of women and young men in this material attributed to him in various collections, comparatively few are his own work, the majority being drawings in his spirit by his pupils Ambrogio Preda or Boltraffio.
In  Longfellow published a novel of no great merit, Kavanagh, and also a volume of poems entitled The Seaside and the Fireside, a title which has reference to his two homes, the seaside one on the charming peninsula of Nahant, the fireside one in Cambridge.
When he did in some measure find himself again, r, he gave to the world his charming Tales of a Wayside Inn (), and in  his Household Poems. Among the latter is a poem entitled "The Children's Hour," which affords a glance into the home life of the widowed poet, who had been left with five children - two sons, Ernest and Charles, and three daughters, "Grave Alice, and laughing Allegra, And Edith with golden hair."
The tomb of the Sultan Baber stands on a slope about a mile to the west of the city in a charming spot.
Besides their historic interest, the letters written personally by Henry, whether love notes or letters of state, reveal a charming writer.
He spent, however, the last twenty-five years of his life in regretting the frivolity which enabled him to produce this most charming of poems. He was brought up by the Jesuits of Amiens.
This charming little book is, with the much later collections of laws, our sole authority for the Icelandic constitution of the commonwealth, but, " much as it tells, the lost Liber would have been of still greater importance."
The latter, Laurentius Saga Biskups, by his disciple, priest Einar Haflidason, is a charming biography of a good and pious man, whose chequered career in Norway and Iceland is picturesquely told (-).
Although already married to the virtuous and charming Archduchess Giovanna of Austria, he seduced the fair Venetian and loaded her with jewels, money and other presents.
Owing to its charming surroundings and its central position in the range, Ilsenburg is one of the most frequented tourist resorts in the Harz Mountains, being visited annually by some  persons.
These three conditions were interdependent; and Henry IV., with his persuasive manners, his frank and charming character, and his personal valour, seemed capable of keeping them all three.
Built largely on the well-wooded slopes of Westerton and Airthrey Hill, sheltered by the Ochils from the north and east winds, and environed by charming scenery, it has a great reputation as a health resort and watering-place, especially in winter and spring.
In  he was with the Allies in Paris, and in the following year set out on the grand tour, visiting Moscow and the western provinces of Russia, Berlin (where his engagement to Princess Charlotte Louise, daughter of Frederick William III., was arranged) and England, where his handsome presence and charming address created a profound impression.'
The results are charming and occasionally, as in the rapt central section of the soprano aria, rather more than that.
Set in a charming coastal village, this hotel has two restaurants, one fine dining, the other a more relaxed bistro.
She would then sit quietly through the rest of the dinner, smiling dreamily and nodding at people, and looking altogether charming.
The charming lady anesthetist in Tartu was the only person who I met who used halothane during general anesthesia for Caesarean Section.
On his return to Moscow from the army, Nicholas Rostov was welcomed by his home circle as the best of sons, a hero, and their darling Nikolenka; by his relations as a charming, attractive, and polite young man; by his acquaintances as a handsome lieutenant of hussars, a good dancer, and one of the best matches in the city.
Strands of her black hair lay round her inflamed and perspiring cheeks, her charming rosy mouth with its downy lip was open and she was smiling joyfully.
She was lying dead, in the same position he had seen her in five minutes before and, despite the fixed eyes and the pallor of the cheeks, the same expression was on her charming childlike face with its upper lip covered with tiny black hair.
She is unusually intelligent, charming... and then she is pretty, uncommonly pretty, and agile--she swims and rides splendidly... and her voice!
That Prince Andrew's deeply loved affianced wife--the same Natasha Rostova who used to be so charming--should give up Bolkonski for that fool Anatole who was already secretly married (as Pierre knew), and should be so in love with him as to agree to run away with him, was something Pierre could not conceive and could not imagine.
He could not reconcile the charming impression he had of Natasha, whom he had known from a child, with this new conception of her baseness, folly, and cruelty.
The first people to go away were the rich educated people who knew quite well that Vienna and Berlin had remained intact and that during Napoleon's occupation the inhabitants had spent their time pleasantly in the company of the charming Frenchmen whom the Russians, and especially the Russian ladies, then liked so much.
Thus the captain touchingly recounted the story of his love for a fascinating marquise of thirty-five and at the same time for a charming, innocent child of seventeen, daughter of the bewitching marquise.
Oh, she is certainly the most charming woman in the world, she went on, with a smile at her own enthusiasm.
Situated in the heart of charming Arundel, The Swan Hotel has been lovingly restored to its former Victorian period elegance.
The -mile river boasts a scenic shoreline dotted with charming towns, historic monuments and breathtaking natural wonders, all of which can be seen from the deck of a riverboat or other cruise vessel.
