
She had large brown eyes with thick black lashes and matching hair that was stacked becomingly on top of her head.
Then he remained silent for a while, and all at once looked cheerfully with his glittering, black eyes at Rostov.
Her hair was drawn back severely into a bun and she had black eyes that could render a lie detector machine obsolete.
She was silently thanking the heavens for rescuing her, until one of the men in black entered the garage and began shooting the downed men a second time around.
He was dressed in black but not in SWAT gear, as if he knew nothing in this world could hurt him.
The black dress she wore fit her like a second skin, outlining every curve, dip and nook of her body.
Sensing her alarm, Darkyn's mate turned and took the arm of the girl behind her, pushing her towards the black door to Hell.
It was pointless to buy a bikini and wear it only once, so Carmen bought a black push-up bra and some skimpy black briefs trimmed with black ribbon.
There was no running water, no food supplies, no energy whatsoever, just a deteriorating building with a score of insurgents and a small black box.
Before long they neared the Black Pit, where a busy swarm of Mangaboos, headed by their Princess, was engaged in piling up glass rocks before the entrance.
Below them was a vast space, at the bottom of which was a black sea with rolling billows, through which little tongues of flame constantly shot up.
Seafood entrees range from grilled mahi mahi with wasabi sauce to linguine with shrimp, clams and a black bean sauce.
This is a sort of hash or sloppy joe, featuring shredded beef with tomato, green olives, green pepper, tomato, and garlic, served with rice and black beans.
The fixed price menus offer a buffet of side dishes, including salads, assorted appetizers, black beans and rice, and peel and eat shrimp.
Falafel, black bean burgers and tempeh share equal ranking on the menu with chicken wings, locally raised beef and salmon.
He led her through the apartment building to an underground garage and to a sleek, black sports car with black interior.
He returned to the house to await Darian, not surprised to see Bianca's black and white cat darting down the stairs.
The world dumped her on top of a pile of sand near the boardwalk with the angry black sea roaring behind her.
Now, eyes open, eyes shut—it was both the same—as black as the inside of a buried coffin on a moonless night.
The menu includes pan-seared black bass, butter-poached lobster, confit of cod, roast pork belly, braised lamb shoulder and pheasant two ways.
Fall meals may include such unusual delicacies as lamb neck with corn and chanterelle mushrooms, black cod with clams and black garlic, and leek bread pudding with fennel.
There were three bedrooms but the largest one, presumably belonging to Howie, was located in the rear of the house where it remained pitch black.
The frozen sea beneath her feet was the color of tar, the black clouds above paused mid-swirl around a pop of blue sky in the storm's center.
He took in the various scenes, to include the local news, which blasted photos of the black skies and mounting waves of the tropical-storm-turned-hurricane.
He was dressed in black, and his chiseled features and striking blue eyes were perfect enough to have been sculptured.
He changed into all black and strapped a sword to his back before closing his eyes and envisioning the interior of NOVA Sector.
Unlike the others dressed for a white tie event, he was dressed in leather pants with a tight black Pearl Jam T-shirt, his hair braided, a chain from his spiked belt to his wallet, and heavy black boots.
Damian had a lot of cars, and she found the black BMW whose lights flashed when she clicked the key fob.
Damian pulled off his sweater to reveal a black T-shirt and tucked weapons into his cargo pants, boots, and pockets.
She stayed the urge to curl up in her chair, jumping when a shadow with lopsided shoulders emerged from the corner dressed like an executioner in black hood and gloves.
If she closed her eyes, she would see the black memories crossing through his mind, but she allowed him his privacy.
He was dressed again all in black, a color that should have minimized his size but just amplified how ripped he was beneath the clothing.
He sensed the visions in her head, not surprised to see his own black memories playing on the screens on the back of her eyelids along with a dark nightmare of a man in a corner crying.
Shadows chased her up the stairs and flew down the halls, coating the floors and walls in shallow, black fog.
As he pulled on the last of his clothes and crossed to his armory, a small, black velvet box nestled between two daggers drew his attention.
He understood that the Black God can never truly kill the White God for fear of unleashing the Original Beings, who would crush him.
Unable to exit the dream fully, Deidre had no concept of how long they stood before the black flames of the fire.
Fevered and shivering, she felt too weak and hungry to focus well, but the shape of the black hourglass was unmistakable.
Death was a dark, towering, muscular figure in the living area of her apartment, clothed in black and wearing an expression that mirrored what she felt.
A flare of interest was in Darkyn's black gaze, one that made her realize he wasn't leaving until he was finished with her.
The light of the black fire was too dim for her to see much more than the outline of his form.
She possessed a head of coal black hair, tied in a single braid that extended below her waist, dark eyes, and a smile that lit up the room.
He couldn't imagine any childhood taunting that would have caused him to crawl into the earth through a cold, wet, and black hole.
The timing was propitious, as black clouds had begun to roll up the valley and gather above them, the advance guard of a summer shower.
Thunder tumbled down the San Juan Mountains, heralding the arrival of pelting rain that turned the Jeep road into a surging stream and the sky to an ominous shade of raven black.
The attorney quickly recovered and half slid, half ran down the slope next to his Jeep where they were standing, covering his shiny black shoes with dust in the process and nearly falling on the seat of his creased shorts.
When Dean arrived in the hall, he was met by two men in black and his political opponent, Seymour Fitzgerald.
The black man, the passenger spotted in the stolen Buick, had been apprehended when he returned to the vehicle to retrieve his overnight satchel.
Just under seven feet tall and muscular, he wore all black with weapons strapped to various parts of his body.
He was like a massive shadow among the sunny forest, dressed all in black and armed as if for battle, even when coming to see her.
The man standing in the weedy area of the lot was tall and thick, dressed in a trench coat, black clothing and heavy boots.
The eyes that once turned from black to white to every color in between were now blue-green in color, and her face held a human flush enhanced by his lovemaking.
His eyes were white then black then changed from every color in between, his brown hair of medium length and wavy, ruffled by the sea breeze.
The flutter of a black trench coat blended with the dark sky as Gabriel twisted them in midair, so he'd hit back first, with her protected in his arms.
There were no trench coats outside of the underworld he'd consider wearing, but he pulled on a soft black t-shirt and strapped a few sheaths to his body.
Tall and lean, with eyes as black as Gabriel's, the man who stood too close for her comfort wore normal enough clothing, aside from the knives strapped to his thighs.
Dressed all in black with weapons strapped in places identical to where Gabriel wore his, the tall man was lean with cold eyes.
She stood on a covered landing of a fortress made of black stones overlooking a parched desert beneath dual suns too faded to provide anything other than indirect light.
It was dim inside the stronghold, and the first torch they crossed that burned with black flames mesmerized her long enough for her to lose sight of Darkyn around a corner.
One opened it for him, and she trailed him into a large bedchamber complete with a hearth burning black flames.
It was muted black, made out of material smoother than silk that draped over her arm like a second skin.
Deidre opened her eyes and blinked rapidly, realizing the black she tried to clear from her sight was the black ceiling of the operating room.
The only difference was her hair and the eyes that turned from white to black to every color in between.
She was beautiful, a woman of sunshine, smiles, and eyes that changed from white to black and every color in between.
He went to the only portal that glowed black --the portal to Hell --and stepped from the shadow world into the tiny, dark cell holding his friend.
She stepped back even more and clenched the purse to her body, distracted as a sleek black car pulled up to the curb.
She took one more look at the ominous man in black and the sword at his hip and followed, shaking from more than cold.
He was in black, unaffected by the cold or the light settling over him, outlining him like glitter on black construction paper.
He was muscular and tall, clothed in dark jeans, a snug grey T-shirt that hugged his biceps and stretched across his chest and back and then sagged at his slender torso and hips, and a round black medallion that fell from his T-shirt as he leaned over her.
It was three months' salary, though Hannah had added it to the black AmEx her fiancé paid in full every month without a second thought.
Her air supply cut off, she tore at the hand holding her until the skin on his arm fell away to reveal smooth, black skin more akin to a reptile's than a human's.
He made his way through the castle with the black stones as he had many times during his long stay.
She followed, startled, only to see a massive black bird the size of a pterodactyl coasting along the tops of the waves.
She sat on the river bank across from a series of wide, large steps leading up a hill to the park where the Arch stood, framed against a black sky.
The only brother not to declare outright war on him, Kiki was a distant second to Andre in his tepid support of their black sheep of a young brother.
He wore all black, though he was dressed more simply than she'd seen him, in dark jeans and a black long-sleeved T-shirt and heavy boots.
There were wide eighteenth- century ball gowns, women in little black dresses, one in a fifties poodle skirt, and several in dark dresses with ornate brocade on the bodice, like that of wealthy Middle Age royalty.
Dressed all in black with his dark eyes and hair, he looked like a living shadow in the snow-covered world.
The room consisted of a massive bed with black bedding and white pillows, a wardrobe and trunks, and yawning windows to the sky that light never touched.
He didn.t stay to hear the splash this time but walked through the shadow world toward the only portal that glowed black, the portal to Hell.
The demon was too surprised to react, and Jade hacked him down until the black walls were sprayed with demon blood.
He reached into his pocket and withdrew a small black pouch, pouring its contents—two green gems holding the dust of human souls—into his palm.
She relaxed into the comfortable black desk chair in front of her computer, wondering if Romas had told Evelyn of the half a dozen kids he expected.
All she had to do was choose the color she wanted to wear-- black for the past several days in silent objection to her presence aboard the ship-- and the ship's computer wove it for her.
She interacted daily with the warrior members of her husband's family, but she'd never seen one quite like this, with soulful, ancient intelligence in his black gaze and a predatory walk.
The man A'Ran fought was more than a foot taller, with light skin and black hair resembling one of the observers.
The warm sun had eaten most of the snow from the roadway, leaving a contrasting black ribbon, in places still snow-patched from last night's covering.
Yes, but think of the sleigh bells and the sound of the train coming in from Ridgway, clanking and hooting, and billowing its black smoke.
Take off the rose colored glasses—'my sins will continue'—or better yet, wait until you decipher a few more pages and she gives it to you in black and white, chapter and verse and supplies the sinful details.
Piano George said they lost two fine black horses that slipped on the ice of the Sneffles road and I could hear the men talking loudly about it.
It was barely evening but the darkening clouds and winter season begrimed the outside as black as a slum landlord's heart.
Miss Annie's pretty much spelled it out in black and white in this here journal, even if it was in code.
He wore black jeans, a dark gray Versace silk sport shirt with the cuffs rolled up, and a pair of A. Testoni loafers.
They were a soft, sable brown with specs of black that seemed to swirl in motion around her pupils like two tiny solar systems.
Her gaze dropped to the driver's seat, where a small black military radio sat where none had been when she left the car.
George, I have a small black box about the size of your hand with nothing but a keypad in it.
She'd removed her personal identifiers, hacked into the government's tracking mainframe to deactivate the implant in her brain, and changed into the black tactical uniform Elise brought her over her civilian grays.
The man before her snatched one arm and flipped out a knife, cutting through her black clothing and tossing it aside.
Soon after, the men in black mowed down two of Dan's men, and the three of them were left to fend for themselves.
The occupant of the large chair in the corner of the living room launched towards her in a flurry of brown and black fur.
Several soldiers—two in grays and three in black uniforms—approached the bonfire, speaking with the men gathered in a group on one side.
He was more intrigued by the sight of soldiers in PMF grays as well as those in the regular military's black uniforms.
Mike stopped finally in a chamber where two soldiers—one in black and one in gray—were dusting themselves off.
Rhyn crept carefully through the demon scouts positioned throughout the forest surrounding the castle.  The demons wore the Dark One's uniform of all black with waterproof cloaks and hoods.  The demon side of him rendered his presence similar enough to a full-demon's that the others wouldn't be alarmed.  He sized up each demon he passed, until he found one who appeared to be his size.  The creature didn't hear his soft step, and the snapping of the demon's neck was the only other sound in the falling rain.
The water looked … black in the moonlight.  She took a step back and looked up towards the moons.  As Gabriel indicated, one moon was lower than the other.
The sounds of fighting grew faint and then disappeared.  The stream wound through the jungle until it reached a small waterfall that fed into a massive lake whose black surface reflected the stars and moon.  Katie slid down the hill beside the waterfall to the lake's edge, uncertain what to do.  Gabriel hadn't mentioned the stream ending or the lake.
Rhyn opened a portal and walked through the cool shadow place.  The shadow world felt … strange this time.  He looked around, unsettled by the sensation that someone else was there.  The black portal to Hell throbbed then dimmed, as if someone and come through.
More thunder boomed.  Katie wondered what other kinds of storms the underworld might have.  Would it rain something other than black water?  With her luck, it'd rain bugs, like the beetle nest she skirted.
Kris looked up in time to see Kiki crash through the canopy and plummet towards the ground.  Kris gasped and sprung forward.  A streak of black crossed his vision as a flying demon snatched Kiki out of the air.
Gabe and a few other assassins in black fought off hordes of demons.  Surprised, Rhyn launched into the melee with his dagger.  He slashed through several demons before the creatures realized he was there.  Wanting to keep them off balance, he morphed into his demon form and shredded the creatures with talons and fangs as deadly as theirs.
The black sand had run out.  He'd missed his window.  Rather, he missed this window.  He looked over at the demon standing before him.  At least one of his super-demons had survived.  This one still wore half a face, that of Death's favorite assassin, Gabriel.
Gabe took the necklace, looking at the two emeralds on the black leather-like cord.  He'd missed his necklace after eons wearing it.  He'd missed his mother and baby brother.  He squeezed them in his hand in the only hug he could give his dead family.
Gabe stepped closer to the Lake.  Even through the black water, he could see the green souls at the bottom.
His hair was a tad past barbering time and he wore polished black shoes and black socks, inconsistent with the rest of his attire.
When he could finally focus through the black of the night, he plodded forward, feet wallowing in the soft sand like a boat in a heavy sea.
Both drank their coffee black and although both took a doughnut, Mrs. Byrne simply picked at hers, lifting the tiniest of crumbs with dampened fingertips.
His high-water trousers exposed black silk socks with little ladders up the sides, held in place with garters, something Dean hadn't seen in decades.
A very tall, per­fectly proportioned black man, looking like the front page of a fashion magazine, smiled and held out his hand.
Everything about him was perfect, from the glass polish of his black shoes to the knife-like crease in his thousand-dollar suit.
Cora had spotted a car, a black Buick this time, but had not written down the license plate num­ber.
He might have a mustache, black hair or a shaved head for all we know, and two and a half mil­lion could buy a face-job making him look like Robert Redford.
He was still above the timberline, devoid of any trees that would impair visibility so it was clear enough to follow the road with its many switchbacks and curves traversing the mountain below him, a black line clinging to the side of the cliff like a pen­cil drawing.
The pupils in his eyes were dilated so large that his eyes looked black in a face that had gone strangely pale.
She had just under fourteen days left with the Black God until his bargain with her boss was up, and she could go home.
With four days at most remaining in her ability to control the Black God, she suspected she'd be dead in five.
Jenn drew a knife and obeyed, guessing whatever awaited her couldn't be much worse than the Black God or Original Vamp.
Damian's nature was not like Darian's and their father's, but he'd shouldered the responsibility to protect humanity and battle the Black God without question.
One of their brothers, Jule, had told them quietly where Jenn was after a trip to visit one of the vamps holed up with the Black God.
They obeyed faster than they ever would a command from the Black God, who still struggled to control his vamps.
She'd seen him trying to train the Black God a couple of times but never in the ring with any of the vamps.
Judging by the position of his computer, he'd been on it last night, and the black notebook where he wrote notes to himself about his duties was missing.
Damian had assigned her here to help Jonny root out the vamps who were working with Others in the Black God's ranks.
More importantly, she had to find out what Jonny's next step was, once the month-long truce between White and Black Gods was up.
What dismay she felt at Jonny's first killing a week ago had slid into understanding that the Black God was merely becoming what he was.
For months, he'd black out several times a day and wake up somewhere else, usually with the room around him in shambles.
Rather than risk Traveling to the center of the phenomenon, Jenn ran down the driveway the vamps had cleared of snow to the narrow country road leading up the mountain to the Black God's hideout.
The White God hadn't said a word, until requesting a hostage of his own in exchange for sending his brother to live with the Black God.
After her two weeks in the Black God's chaotic camp, she'd almost forgotten what it was like to be in an organization that took care of its own.
A different instinct went off in Darian's mind, one that recognized the look on the Black God's face as being another sign Jenn was in more trouble than expected.
As the White and Black Gods of this earth, you are bound by the requirement to turn the violator over to us.
The black memories that made him wake up screaming at night, the fear he could still taste in moments of despair, were softened by the sense of stillness that settled into him.
The Black God looked around him, disoriented, as if he'd been dropped into the foyer and not Traveled there himself.
She flung a knife against the wall in anger then strode out of the Black God's chamber to the ground floor.
A life with Claire would've been more hellish than a life with the Black God, he said with a smile.
The Black God was fighting nearby, hurling black clouds at the Others then trying not to get hit by lightning in return.
I'm claiming my rightful place as the Black God, and I'll do it without traitors like you and Jenn at my side.
Darian couldn't help but pity her as well; her eyes were circled with black and puffy, as if she'd been crying recently.
Two guards pushed a large boulder near the rear of the stables to reveal a black hole in the ground.
He could not help but consider several of them as he took in Memon's inky black eyes and relaxed frame.
The lanky youth had grown into a muscular man with icy green eyes, curly black hair, and chiseled features as cold as his father's.
He took the narrow stairs two at a time and reached the top, hacking down a man with his face painted in Memon's colors of black and red.
Taran gazed into the inky black eyes, ignoring the urge to look as the creature slithered beneath the skin on Memon's neck.
Talons pierced Rissa's stomach as Memon plunged his hand into her body, withdrawing a black creature the size of its arm that pulsed and writhed.
Yanking off the top, he pushed it over with a yell, until the contents turned the clear waters black in the moonlight.
Placing the coffee cup on the window sill, he ran a hand through thick black hair that curled in all the right places.
I can tell you that we have seen a black bear and a mountain lion on this land, so don't wander far from the house at night.
A jagged bolt of lightning pierced the angry black clouds, and she moved away from the edge of the porch.
With his choice of prey, he narrowed in on a gorgeous blonde who seemed out of place, one of the few not wearing fangs or dressed from head-to-foot in black.
He wasn't able to track the Others, a set of creatures known for favoring the Black God's dominance of the human world.
After the months he spent making sure no one killed the new Black God before Jonny found his footing, Xander began to think he might've …forgotten something.
A flash of black in the corner of her eye drew her attention to the cat darting down one hall.
He was dressed from head to toe in black leather with a spiked collar, heavy boots, and his dark hair down around his shoulders.
It was directed as much at Jessi as at the Black God for sending someone innocent to do his dirty work.
From what Jule said and the fact your girl knows Jonny, I'd say the Black God is using her to get to you.
They both spent weeks with the Black God, after the teenage godslayer took out the former Black God and took his place.
Dusty's wife was the sister of Jonny, making him the brother with the most personal connection to the Black God.
