
Sentences
Dean tried to isolate the sound, looking frantically in all downward directions, trying to see a trace, a telltale puff of smoke in the gathering dusk.
The Engagers had the majority in parliament, but were frantically cursed from the pulpits; they and their army mustered for the deliverance of their king.
The frightened creature is as ill prepared for the season as I and scurries about frantically in the deepening snow in search of sustenance.
He signed a quest of what was making her cry and she stared mutely at him, frantically trying to think of something.
They fasted, they rejoiced; one hour they chilled themselves in the cemeteries, the next they rushed frantically through the streets singing Psalmic refrains.
She frantically threw her purse open, searching for a tissue, but a violent sneeze ripped through her lungs so quickly she barely had time to cover her mouth with her hand.
The most indispensable reforms had been frantically opposed, the debate on the reorganization of the army had alone lasted six months.
The imposing figure of Nesvitski followed by his Cossack, and the determination of Denisov who flourished his sword and shouted frantically, had such an effect that they managed to squeeze through to the farther side of the bridge and stopped the infantry.
The Hungarian diet frantically opposed every Austrian alliance as endangering the national independence, but to any unprejudiced observer a union with the house of Habsburg, even with the contingent probability of a Habsburg king, was infinitely preferable to the condition into which Hungary, under native aristocratic misrule, was swiftly drifting.
She grabbed it frantically as he put his hands under her arms and pulled her to a standing position, her face only inches from his.
Shipton flailed out at him with his ax, missing his head by inches as Dean leaned sideways and frantically fumbled with his line to drop again.
Almost frantically, like a shipwrecked sailor calling up a bottled genie, Geller strokes the fork, waiting for the miraculous to happen.
A group of children excitedly pointed and frantically waved their arms I obliged with a wing waggle and could almost hear the cheer.
Particularly when babies are newborns and unable to find and replace the pacifier by themselves, parents can spend a lot of time frantically trying to find the one thing that will calm their baby down.
This means that you should limit your use of balance transfers and not get into the habit of frantically searching for a low interest rate balance transfer every time an introductory rate is about to expire.
Fans frantically flooded the arena with phone calls wondering if Miley's show was going to be canceled because of the fatal tour bus accident.
The insatiable appetite of this invertebrate will keep you occupied for hours on end as you frantically seek out the lexicon entries hidden among the mass of letter tiles.
These holders will help you keep track of your keys and no longer have you frantically searching where they may be.
The world of internet radio stations means you never having to suffer through that annoying morning show or frantically grab for the earplugs when they start playing THAT song AGAIN.
The sight of dozens of peppy cheerleaders, pompoms waving frantically, as they hopped to the beat and chanted, "Oh Mickey, you're so fine/You're so fine, you blow my mind/Hey Mickey!" is one that no pop music fan will forget.
I explained to Detective Jackson that my wife and a friend's child were out walking our dog as I frantically dialed Betsy's cell phone.
Members of the Serpentine Swimming Club leap into the murky, freezing depths of the Serpentine to frantically compete for the coveted gold medal.
She began to scratch frantically, parting the litter this way and that, bits of white flying like snow onto the hall linoleum.
It's familiar, yet there are enough extras that will re-captivate your interest all over again, getting you staring at those skins for hours on end as you frantically try to form matching sets of four.
As you frantically run through, over, or under obstacles, you are given route options as Faith sees them and must create sequences of actions in order to succeed.
There isn't so much of a need to frantically attack arcade challenges, as the idea in this game is to think about the long run.
The cars and trucks behind us started beeping frantically and one driver looked at us with pure fury in his eyes.
