
The idea of spending her days with the reserved Sofi and cheerful Bianca was surprisingly appealing, though she couldn't help feeling intimidated by their happiness.
Hardy, simple and industrious, fond of music, kind-hearted, and with a strangely artistic taste in dress, these people possess in a wonderful degree the secret of cheerful contentment.
Many find employment as artisans, small dealers, porters and soldiers in Egypt, where they are usually noted for their honesty, and frank and cheerful temperament.
Either request gag gifts (toys), or ask guests to donate to an organization like Cheerful Givers that provides birthday gift bags through shelters and food banks for needy children.
The latter's cheerful man-of-the-world scepticism is transfigured in Pascal to a deep distrust of human reason, in part, perhaps, from anti-Protestant motives.
Gothic fairies have grown in popularity for those that tire of the happy and cheerful normal depiction of fairies in various movies, artwork and Tinkerbell spin-off films.
Athletes such as swimmers, tennis players and those from other sports may still appreciate the attention of a cheerful sign or a decorated locker.
He had naturally a most cheerful and sunny temper, was highly social and sympathetic, loved pleasant conversation, wit, anecdote and laughter.
The lovely old oak beams, warm carpeting and cheerful fabrics all combine to make your stay truly comfortable and relaxing.
At first glance such factors make for a gloomy prognosis Yet there are still plenty of reasons to be cheerful.
Which promise made the young man more cheerful and smoothed out the worried pucker between channel  news Sacharissa's straight brows.
Today he is cheerful and in good spirits, but that is the effect of your visit--he is not often like that.
As famous for his unfailing cheerful disposition, even in the face of Cowell's criticism, as for his singing voice, Hung landed a record deal with Koch Records.
Still, the rich hardwood floor reflected the weak morning sun in a cheerful manner that spawned reluctance to continue the tour.
It was a sound which did not make _her_ cheerful; she wondered that Edmund should forget her, and felt a pang.
About her twentieth year she is described as being somewhat above the middle height, possessing a graceful form and an open cheerful countenance.
It is only when dear old grandpa is discovered to have given him a block of Bethlehem Steel that he becomes really cheerful.
I don't suppose he'll be so cheerful once he's moved four hundredweight of cast iron and driven back to St. Malo.
It certainly looks quite different in the flesh - the designs which simply looked bright and cheerful on tv looked fairly lurid on stage.
His volumes of reminiscence, Cheerful Yesterdays (), Old Cambridge (), Contemporaries (), and Part of a Man's Life (), are characteristic and charming works.
This work may, to some extent, be regarded as supplementary to Faust; it presents the lighter, more cheerful and optimistic side of Goethe's philosophy in these years; Graf Egmont, the most winning and fascinating of the poet's heroes, is endowed with that "demonic" power over the sympathies of men and women, which Goethe himself possessed in so high a degree.
His cheerful serenity of manner, his tranquil mirthfulness, and the steady charm of his personality made him a favourite with his fellows, in spite of a certain reserve.
It's hard to continue being bummed out once you see that cheerful smile and read the sayings, especially if your sense of humor leans toward the dark and edgy.
The colorful Holly Braid style is available in green, red and black, and features a joyous holly trim along the border.The Holiday clog is equally charming, available in the same colors and boasting a cheerful floral trim.
Unexpected but not inappropriate, turquoise is bright, cheerful and uplifting - all of which are ingredients for setting a happy tone on a special day.
The transformation would never have been believable if not for Burton's on the nose performances first as the happy, cheerful teenager and later as the quiet, brooding and often angry man he became.
High school tryouts can be grueling, consisting of a tryout routine, dance and even intensive interviews to find out if a potential cheerleader has the "cheerful" personality required of this sport.
Cheerleaders at the high school level are expected not only to be upbeat and cheerful for the team and the fans, but also to be good role models for the rest of the school.
At length the clouds broke; the light became clearer and clearer; and the enthusiast who had imagined that he was branded with the mark of the first murderer, and destined to the end of the arch-traitor, enjoyed peace and a cheerful confidence in the mercy of God.
The room would have been cheerful with the morning sun if the wine carpet and dark walls hadn't leached the light.
Paperback from Bible Reading Fellowship £ .  Favorite Prayers Lois Rock A cheerful and comprehensive compendium of prayers for everyday.
Tuscan kitchen design is characterized by the use of ceramic and rough-textured tile, stone counters, wood furniture, and a cheerful, bright ambience.
For the kitchen, a bright color will produce a cheerful atmosphere and in the family room or game room, a high energy color will bring a fun feel to the room.
Although low in both social responsibility and independence, they are usually more cheerful than the conflicted and irritable children of authoritarian parents.
You can count on turning a few heads or, at the very least, adding a little jolt to your outfit with the addition of one of these bright, cheerful bags!
That's why beach totes are such an essential part of a child's accessory wardrobe - they're just the right size for holding his or her beach wares, and they're often etched with a fun, cheerful print, too.
Just a glance at Kiely's vibrant designs proves she has a great affinity for intriguing shapes, cheerful motifs and vibrant hues.
And with lots of cheerful colors and patterns, you are guaranteed to find a pair your child loves so much, you might have a harder time getting them off than putting them on.
Waterproof and extremely durable, these boots are available in a cheerful red and black plaid and a more sedate coffee and berry plaid.
The appeal of It's Happy Bunny lies in the contrast between the rabbit's cheerful exterior and the derogatory sayings or slogans that accompany it.
With its cheerful color and attractive looks, a yellow bead bracelet watch is an accessory that will bring many seasons of pleasure to its owner, and help her arrive promptly as well!
Swiss made Mickey Mouse collectible watches are a marriage of the legendary Swiss watchmaking skills and the cheerful American icon.
Of course, while all of this is happening all three have to be as bright and cheerful as the rest of the squad.
Both the Carnation and the Pink, from the beauty and sweetness of their bloom and the cheerful effect of their foliage in winter, are well deserving of cultivation in all gardens where soil and climate suit these flowers.
Plumfruited Yew (Prumnopitys Elegans) - An evergreen tree from chili, allied to the common Yew, of dense growth and cheerful green color.
While pinks are easily propagated from both seeds and cuttings, starting with large, healthy plants establishes these cheerful flowers on a stronger footing.
A sliding glass patio door provides an energy-efficient way to let cheerful sunlight into the home while providing a portal access to patios, decks and garden areas.
The Big V Maternity Pillow is available in a number of cheerful patterns and features a unique micro-bead filling to reduce strain on your back, head, shoulders, and abdomen.
The first is just a hooded towel with a cheerful monster face - plus ears and horns - on the head and paw pads in the covered corners.
Try tucking too-long pants into laced, high boots for a non-snag effect, or belt too-big pants with a cheerful orange belt.
Unlike the cheerful white walls of the house, the tall wall was the unwelcome shade of dark grey that she'd begun to despise after days in the spaceships surrounded by it.
Ully cursed as he moved to seek cover from the downpour.  Safe beneath his jungle roof, Toby watched him.  The brave, cheerful Ully that sat with him in Hell seemed lost in the underworld, and Toby began to suspect there was another reason their jailer, Jared, had freed them.
His constitution, weakly in childhood, strengthened with advancing years so as to allow him to get through an incredible amount of sedentary labour, while he retained to the last the fresh and cheerful temperament of a boy.
Again, the general tone of large parts of this collection is much more cheerful than that of the Elohistic psalm-book.
They reveal to us a kindly and cheerful soul, well versed in the literary accomplishments of the period, but without any strength of intellectual grasp and peculiarly prone to superstition.
Persecution was revived by the Guises; Du Bourg, the brave defender of the Protestants, was burned as a heretic; yet Calvin could in the closing years of his life form a cheerful estimate that some three hundred thousand of his countrymen had been won over to his views.
Such is the excellence of his disposition that whatsoever happeneth that could not be helped, he is as cheerful and as well pleased as though the best thing possible had been done.
Hume's cheerful temper, his equanimity, his kindness to literary aspirants and to those whose views differed from his own won him universal respect and affection.
He was of a sanguine-choleric temperament, and when untroubled and unvexed a bright and cheerful gentleman, easy to get on with, and however many people happened to be in the same room with him, he was never at a loss for an answer to every one of them."
In the Moluccas, where the Dutch have had settlements for  years, some of the inhabitants trace their descent to early immigrants; and these, as well as most of the people of Dutch descent in the east, are quite as fair as their European ancestors, enjoy excellent health, and are very prolific. But the Dutch accommodate themselves admirably to a tropical climate, doing much of their work early in the morning, dressing very lightly, and living a quiet, temperate and cheerful life.
As a wife she was wholly admirable; she had to entertain a man who would not be amused, and had to submit to that terribly strict court etiquette of absolute obedience to the king's inclination, which Saint-Simon so vividly describes, and yet be always cheerful and never complain of weariness or ill-health.
Charles did not show himself and it was reported thathe had abdicated, but to allay the popular panic it was given out " that he was very cheerful that night at supper with his mistresses."
Of her piety and almost nun-like love of God and belief in His personal love for her, Edwards had known when she was only thirteen, and had written of it with spiritual enthusiasm; she was of a bright and cheerful disposition, a practical housekeeper, a model wife and the mother of his twelve children.
The cheerful, almost jovial, tone of his letters to Stella evinces his full contentment, nor was he one to be moved to gratitude for small mercies.
While remarkable for the cheerful, non-ascetic character of their worship, the Jews were no less distinguished from all the nations of antiquity by their annual solemn fast appointed to be observed on the th day of the th month (Tisri), the penalty of disobedience being death.
But she had much natural good sense, was a true friend and, in her more cheerful moments, an amiable companion.
He considered a cheerful temper to be more Christian than a melancholy one, and carried this spirit into his whole life.
But demons do eat humans, she read, grimacing at the image of a cheerful man on a platter surrounded by demons.
Brady had no doubt Dan had chosen the team; the cheerful man was nonetheless shrewd when he needed to be.
Toby looked him over again.  Ully was frowning.  Even in Hell, the scientist had maintained his cheerful visage.  Toby sat near him, at the base of a tree whose branches moved closer to cover him from rain.  The trees left Ully in the rain.
Impossibly cheerful songs, lively video interaction and skilled puppetry, it's a perfect combination - the kids never knew what hit them.
The powerful wrens, cheerful chaffinches, delicate sparrows and whistling starlings then weave in melodies, sweet enough to rouse the sun.
His cheerful conversation, his smart and lively sallies, a singular mixture of malice of speech with goodness of heart, and of delicacy of wit with simplicity of manners, rendered him a pleasing and interesting companion; and if his manner was sometimes plain almost to the extent of rudeness, it probably set all the better an example of a much-needed reform to the class to which he belonged.
His operas, for all their daintiness and melody, no longer hold the stage; the Masses in which he praised God with a cheerful heart " have been condemned by the severer decorum of our own day; of his oratorios the Creation alone survives.
At eight next morning she entered the hall of execution, having taken leave of the weeping envoy from Scotland, to whom she gave a brief message for her son; took her seat on the scaffold, listened with an air of even cheerful unconcern to the reading of her sentence, solemnly declared her innocence of the charge conveyed in it and her consolation in the prospect of ultimate justice, rejected the professional services of Richard Fletcher, dean of Peterborough, lifted up her voice in Latin against his in English prayer, and when he and his fellow-worshippers had fallen duly silent prayed aloud for the prosperity of her own church, for Elizabeth, for her son, and for all the enemies whom she had commended overnight to the notice of the Spanish invader; then, with no less courage than had marked every hour and every action of her life, received the stroke of death from the wavering hand of the headsman.
The United States Government replied that, relying on these assurances, it would maintain strict non-intervention, at the same time openly avowing the general sympathy of its people with a Mexican republic, and that "their own safety and the cheerful destiny to which they aspire are intimately dependent on the continuance of free republican institutions throughout America."
According to Father Greenway he was "a man of great piety, of exemplary temperance, of mild and cheerful demeanour, an enemy of broils and disputes, a faithful friend and remarkable for his punctual attendance upon religious observances," while his society was "sought by all the most distinguished in the archduke's camp for nobility and virtue."
If somewhat severe and irritable, he was at the same time scrupulously just, truthful, and steadfast; he never deserted a friend or took an unfair advantage of an antagonist; and on befitting occasions he could be cheerful and even facetious among his intimates.
I weathered some merry snow-storms, and spent some cheerful winter evenings by my fireside, while the snow whirled wildly without, and even the hooting of the owl was hushed.
On being relieved from picket duty Rostov had managed to get a few hours' sleep before morning and felt cheerful, bold, and resolute, with elasticity of movement, faith in his good fortune, and generally in that state of mind which makes everything seem possible, pleasant, and easy.
She listened joyfully (as though she had not expected it) to the charm of the notes reverberating, filling the whole empty ballroom, and slowly dying away; and all at once she felt cheerful.
On the rest of the way to Moscow, though the princess' position was not a cheerful one, Dunyasha, who went with her in the carriage, more than once noticed that her mistress leaned out of the window and smiled at something with an expression of mingled joy and sorrow.
Natasha gave herself up so fully and frankly to this new feeling that she did not try to hide the fact that she was no longer sad, but bright and cheerful.
Impossibly cheerful songs, lively video interaction and skilled puppetry, it 's a perfect combination - the kids never knew what hit them.
And even if you do n't quite, a cheerful greeting and a wag of the tail will make sure you get on well.
Cologne Life zings along in this cheerful city on the Rhine, which has its own language, brewing traditions and cultural life.
Along with serving as the care center for a new baby, a nursery is the perfect venue to exercise your creative muscles while making baby's room cheerful and fun.
Yellow is known for increasing people's energy and appetites and for being cheerful, but if you're not a fan of the color none of that matters.Think about what colors you like to wear.
If you won’t use the dining room every night, keep the table decorated with a tablecloth and place settings to keep it looking cheerful.
As long as you feel comfortable and it works for your wedding, colored dresses can make a bride glow and lend a cheerful touch.
In a cheerful shade of soft yellow, it features lime green quilted patches, with alternating images of baby Sesame Street characters.
Rose Charmont- This classy, brown floral print against a cream colored background features large blossoms and leaves with cheerful yellow accents.
Bluebird Garden- Cool, peaceful hues of pale blue and green are mixed with a bright, cheerful yellow in this traditional, country style floral print featuring quaint little bluebirds.
The Mermaids Collection by Olive Kids, for example, is a cheerful range that features a  percent cotton shower curtain etched with a vibrant mermaid motif.
Bright and cheerful, the blankets celebrate the show's main character in all her glory, and often depict her standing alongside one of her friends.
It is a cheerful plant in all seasons, and a coloniser, making its home of the wall, rock, and the ruin.
Cheerful staff members, who enjoy their work, go a long way towards a pleasant atmosphere for the senior residing in a convalescent home.
Within its pages you'll find a stunning collection of photographs that highlight The Roars' cheerful, friendly and highly energetic personalities.
Christmas caroling is believed to date back to the early th century in Italy, where St. Francis Assisi led cheerful songs of praise during the festive Christmas season.
Accept that even if you're shy, you can still start conversations and hold you own even with the most outgoing and cheerful people.
Other styles are manufactured in bright and cheerful designs, or decorated with pretty embellishments such as simple flowers or hearts often done in a tattered style.
Officers who approached him with disturbed countenances became calm; soldiers and officers greeted him gaily, grew more cheerful in his presence, and were evidently anxious to display their courage before him.
If the thought that things looked bad chanced to enter anyone's head, he tried to be as cheerful as befits a good soldier and not to think of the general trend of affairs, but only of the task nearest to hand.
In details of execution and harmonic combinations they illustrate the precision, logic, lucidity and cheerful spirit of the national genius.
Every morning was a cheerful invitation to make my life of equal simplicity, and I may say innocence, with Nature herself.
He is described by Fuller as "low of stature, little in bulk, cheerful in countenance (wherein gravity and quickness were all compounded), of a sharp and piercing eye, clear judgment and (abating the influence of age) term memory."
From the pretense of illness, from his daughter's distress, and by the embarrassed faces of Sonya and Marya Dmitrievna, the count saw clearly that something had gone wrong during his absence, but it was so terrible for him to think that anything disgraceful had happened to his beloved daughter, and he so prized his own cheerful tranquillity, that he avoided inquiries and tried to assure himself that nothing particularly had happened; and he was only dissatisfied that her indisposition delayed their return to the country.
The countess, with a cheerful expression on her face, looked down at her nails and spat a little for luck as she returned to the drawing room.
The day was bright and sunny after a sharp night frost, and the cheerful glitter of that autumn day was in keeping with the news of victory which was conveyed, not only by the tales of those who had taken part in it, but also by the joyful expression on the faces of soldiers, officers, generals, and adjutants, as they passed Rostov going or coming.
A pretty, delicate-featured child - "cheerful, merry, full of fun and mischief," as her elder sister described her - fond of gymnastics, a good skater and an excellent horsewoman, she was a general favourite from her earliest days.
It was alert, cheerful and aggressive, was greatly helped by the attacks of rival papers, and promised success almost from the start.
From the beginning, however, he treated the Italians, as indeed was only natural, less as rebellious subjects than as conquered aliens; and it must be admitted that in regard to them the only effective portion of his procedure was, not his energetic measures of repression nor his brilliant victories, but, after the battle of Legnano, his quiet and cheerful acceptance of the inevitable, and the consequent complete change in his policy, by which if he did not obtain the great object of his ambition, he at least did much to render innoxious for the Empire his previous mistakes.
The last decade of his life was made cheerful by his marriage with Ernestine Muller, who shared all his interests and learned Greek to help him with collations.
He was followed by Anders Bording (-), a cheerful occasional versifier, and by Thbger Reenberg (-), a poet of somewhat higher gifts, who lived on into a later age.
Comparatively cheerful beside these two is the remaining subject of the student saint reading in his chamber, with his dog and domestic lion resting near him, and a marvellous play of varied surface and chequered light on the floor and ceiling of his apartment and on all the objects which it contains.
A few minutes later Mademoiselle Bourienne came into Princess Mary's room smiling and making cheerful remarks in her agreeable voice.
As if on cue, the crowd began to break up, with cheerful groups moving to various positions around the circle.
