
You sniff the air You smile weakly - Jolen unwraps the bowl, peering at it still, blowing harshly to remove the dust.
This skin needs to be cared for differently from the face and body, and it is prone to showing age faster and more harshly, as Nora Ephron recently discussed in her book of essays entitled I Feel Bad About My Neck.
On the death of Alphonso in , his counsellors and favourites were harshly treated by his successor John, and Abrabanel was compelled to flee to Spain, where he held for eight years (-) the post of a minister of state under Ferdinand and Isabella.
In  the French king ceded it to Uri, Schwyz and Unterwalden, which henceforth ruled it very harshly through their bailiffs till .
Maximinus has a bad name in Christian annals, as having renewed persecution after the publication of the toleration edict of Galerius, but it is probable that he has been judged too harshly.
Cyprus was now harshly governed by a lieutenant, and the condition of the natives, who had been much oppressed under the Lusignan dynasty, became worse.
Herodotus, in the spirit of th-century Greeks, which conventionally regarded the tyrants as selfish despots, says he ruled harshly, but he is generally represented as mild, beneficent and so popular as to be able to dispense with a bodyguard, the usual attribute of a tyrannis.
But as the passions of  cooled, as the hatred with which the Puritans had been regarded while their reign was recent gave place to pity, he was less and less harshly treated.
He filled his treasury with spoils harshly wrung from all classes; thus inaugurating the monarchys long and patient labors at enlarging the crown lands bit by bit through taxes on private property.
He is judged harshly by contemporary writers, as simplex and insufficiens; but Dodu (in his Histoire des institutions du royaume de Jerusalem) suggests that Guy was depreciated because the kingdom had been lost in his reign, in much the same way as Godfrey of Bouillon was exalted because Jerusalem had just been won at his accession.
Unfortunately, in no part of the Spanish oversea possessions did the restrictive legislation of the home government operate more harshly or disadvantageously to the interests of the colony; it was a more effective hindrance to the development of its resources and the spread of civilization over the country, than the hostility of the Indians.
His course in the Senate was not altogether consistent, though in this respect he is not to be judged more harshly than some of his associates.
Leaving during a game (without a good excuse) Racist comments - Racism will not be tolerated and will be punished harshly.
It benefits conscientious consumers because it doesn't penalize people as harshly for isolated late payments, but it's tougher than previous scoring methods on those who have repeated late payments.
Make sure your teen knows that he or she always has a willing listener in you and that you'll listen without judging harshly or condemning them for coming to you.
You will never be forced to speak during an AA meeting, nor will you be harshly judged in any way for words spoken or unspoken.
Choose a white metal such as white gold or platinum that will not contrast as harshly with the stone's edges, blurring where the stone and setting meet.
They are constantly tested on the things they've learned and are often harshly criticized for their behavior in the past.
Although the entire cast of Jersey Shore has been criticized for the terms they use and their behaviors, Snooki has been criticized harshly for her usage of the term "guido."
He determined to treat prisoners captured from submarines, in view of their breaches of the laws of war, with more severity than ordinary prisoners; but the Germans retaliated harshly on the most noteworthy English prisoners in their hands, and Mr. Balfour, on succeeding Mr. Churchill, gave up this discrimination.
Jetha was of such a mild temper that, even if any one spoke harshly to him, he would endure it and never retaliate.
In  he published the Life of Calvin, a conscientious and on the whole impartial work, though the character of Calvin is somewhat harshly drawn, and his influence in the religious world generally is insufficiently appreciated.
A general election took place in the autumn of , and so harshly was the expression of opinion restrained that a chamber was returned with scarcely a single liberal element of serious importance.
This coast, though beautiful, is somewhat sombre, the prevalent colour of the rocks, a light, dead grey, contrasting harshly with the dark vegetation, which on some of the islands is luxuriant.
