
The vases of Karl Koepping of Berlin are so fantastic and so fragile that they appear to be creations of the lamp rather than of the furnace.
Taylor's fragile health gave way; he fell into a decline, died on the th of December , at Somerset House, and was buried at St Ann's, Soho.
Betsy was alone on the porch but as we approached, Martha opened the screen door, her arm around a frail looking man, about five-seven, who wore an off-center toupee and a fragile smile.
There are electric tramways and a good water-supply, but most of the older houses are fragile wooden structures coated with lime or mud, and the sanitation is defective.
Baby Claire helped too, by taking her turn by demanding attention while I spent the time worrying about how I could protect the nest of fragile souls under my care.
She'd proven how willing she was to become his companion, a surprise considering she really did seem fragile in his world.
Gypsum is found in large quantities in the plain of Kandahar, being dug out in fragile coralline masses from near the surface.
If you decide to order your flowers online, investigate the company carefully to be sure they have the skills and experience to work with fragile tropical flowers.
Martha was playing nurse maid to both Howie's limitations and his fragile ego while struggling with morning sickness and her stressful hospital position.
For this reason some observers use a thin strip of phosphor bronze to suspend the magnet, considering that the absence of a variable torsion more than compensates for the increased difficulty in handling the more fragile metallic suspension.
Pupa Lives in a very fragile cocoon below the soil and is said to produce a squeaking sound shortly before the adult emerges.
It also meant that a new and powerful management system could be created, without altering a fragile and very out-of-date system.
Its fragile, cup shaped white or pale pink flowers are carried in loose panicles on slender stems from spring to early summer.
The talks came to nothing because IRA demands were too high and because the accompanying fragile truce broke down in contentious circumstances.
The specimens should be collected when the capsules are just appearing above or in the colesule or calyx; if kept in a damp saucer they soon arrive at maturity, and can then be mounted in better condition, the fruit-stalks being too fragile to bear carriage in a botanical tin case without injury.
Make sure to pack fragile items in things like bubble wrap to ensure that your customer gets the item in the condition that you ship it.
A fragile plant,  to  inches high, with broad leaves, it throws out long slender rhizomes, wholly above ground, and thrives in sandy earth, in borders, or on the rock garden.
C. fastigiata is one of the most fragile and beautiful of alpine woody plants; it may be grown without much trouble with the more common C. tetragona.
It's a blessing that such a curious and fragile pop oddity can exist in this blustery and busy modern world.
Patients with fragile X syndrome are also at increased risk of developing mitral valve prolapse, which may be causing his breathlessness.
Each acknowledgment of England's improvement is wrapped around a spiky jibe which could wound any fragile psyche in Vaughan's team.
Newborn kittens, like any other newborn creature, are very fragile, so care of newborn kittens involves taking some specific steps to ensure health and safety.
Durability - LED's are far more durable than the very fragile incandescent and fluorescent bulbs, making them perfect for outdoor floodlights.
You hear pieces of Leia's recurring melody when she is describing the fragile memories she has of her mother and then Luke's Theme takes precedence as he reveals that not only is Darth Vader his father, but that Leia is his sister.
Now more than ever, she had to leave, before Kris and Rhyn discovered her secret and brought down what fragile supports were holding up her world.
A Streetcar Named Desire fiction Tennessee Williams Williams won the Pulitzer Prize with this portrayal of a fading, fragile belle.
Acknowledging the presence of some rare fragile populations of native trout could act as a fundamental cornerstone in this reform.
Do you really believe that fragile egos could hold together long enough for some mass movement to have got this far.
He actually has a very strong and unique delivery, fragile and emotional at the same time, with all words carefully enunciated.
Look for the FSC logo to make sure it has been produced in a way that does not harm wildlife or their fragile habitat.
Marriage = The dichotomy of contradictory themes which merge into a homogeneous whole that epitomizes the fragile, ethereal nature of the human condition.
The transitory nature of many of the peace motifs in Northern Ireland is evidence of the fragile state of the current peace agreement.
If other children are in the home, don't choose a fragile or breakable keepsake, as you want it to endure through the years, rather than end up in pieces days after it's received.
The more precise the bearings are, the more fragile they are; the more durable the bearings are, the more "sloppy" they can be.
No one at any age wants to endure embarrassment or rejection, and during the tender junior high years egos are even more fragile.
Tweens especially dig the toilet humor the show contains plenty of, as well as the random characters and storylines involving a squirrel living underwater with a scuba mask, and an emotionally fragile starfish named Patrick.
Since their stems are fragile, make sure the calla lilies do not protrude too far over the top of the vase, as they have a tendency to droop.
In fact, even with some of the hand wash items, it may prove safer to dry clean if you are unsure of your aptitude when it comes to the care of more fragile garments.
Help your kids discover how to "save" the earth, become conservationists or wildlife enthusiasts while learning about our fragile ecosystems.
To prevent injury to your pet or keep your possessions from getting ruined, move fragile items out of your animal's reach.
Though hardy, it is fragile, and happiest on the rock garden, in sandy fibry loam, in level sunny spots, where it can root freely in moist soil mingled with broken stones.
An area of wall tile that sees little water or wear, the backsplash is perfect for stone tiles, metal, glass and handpainted ceramic tiles too fragile for use elsewhere.
Because opals are somewhat fragile many with October birthdays choose to wear tourmaline, which is a deep pink jewel, or another pink stone instead.
Cheaper hollow gold hoop earrings may have thin walls that, although makes them light and comfortable, also means that they may be fragile and need to be handled with care and stored safely when not being worn.
Fragile hoop earrings, for instance those that are made from hollow gold or silver may get dented and therefore need special care.
It is proven that organic growers and manufacturers contribute less to greenhouse emissions and chemical runoff, helping to protect the fragile ecosystems.
A dryer's heat is much harsher on fragile materials than air drying, so even if the care tag doesn't specify air drying, this is always a good idea.
This pattern shows more skin than the classic fishnet styles, but is more fragile and can tear easily if you are not careful.
All fragile and loose items such as cell phones, hats, bags, cameras, souvenirs, and other merchandise should be left with a non-rider or stored in a locker so they are not lost on the roller coasters.
I found that higher difficulty modes (Difficult and Authentic) were fun if I felt like revisiting past levels with more fragile soldiers, but didn't offer much beyond that.
It is often a good idea to try to locate what you are looking for close to home, particularly when you are purchasing large or fragile Art Deco pieces.
Often the best way to handle fragile wood is to rub lemon oil into it over a period of several weeks, allowing the dry wood to soak in the oils.
Portal hypertension may result in the development of fragile veins in the intestinal lining, stomach, or esophagus, which can bleed and require emergency medical attention.
Individuals with this type of EDS, once called type VIIC, have extremely fragile skin that bruises easily but does not scar excessively.
Unlike hemophilia, where bleeding is caused by an ineffective clotting mechanism in the blood, bleeding in hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia is caused by fragile blood vessels.
There are many causes of mental retardation, including identified genetic syndromes such as Down syndrome, Williams syndrome, or fragile X syndrome.
Advances in the medical care of premature infants since the s have dramatically increased the rate of survival of these fragile newborns.
In osteogenesis imperfecta, the collagen produced is abnormal and disorganized, which results in a number of abnormalities throughout the body, the most notable being fragile, easily broken bones.
Estrogen cream, the same preparation used to revitalize vaginal tissue, can toughen fragile blood vessels in the anterior septum and forestall the need for cauterization.
While using the proper shampoo, conditioner and styling products can help maintain the health and strength of black hair, there are a few key vitamins that are particularly beneficial for this fragile hair type.
If you need to use something more for cleaning the ring, obtain a mild jewelry cleaning solution from a jeweler that is designed for antiques and fragile jewelry.
Former Home Secretary Charles Clarke has lobbed a hand grenade into the fragile peace with a brutal, personal attack on Chancellor Gordon Brown.
The chief risk in family therapy is the possible unsettling of rigid personality defenses in individuals or relationships that had been fragile before the beginning of therapy.
Until the late s, when titanium-nickel alloy and titanium frames were introduced, metal frames were, in general, more fragile than plastic frames.
In about  percent of cases, retardation is transmitted genetically, usually through abnormalities in chromosomes, such as Down syndrome or fragile X syndrome.
It is characterized by low hemoglobin and unusually small and fragile RBCs (microcytosis), although the RBC count may be normal.
Fragile X syndrome, a genetic condition involving changes in the long arm of the X chromosome, is the most common form of inherited mental retardation.
People who carry a premutation do not usually have symptoms of fragile X syndrome, although there have been reports of individuals with a premutation who have subtle intellectual or behavioral symptoms.
Another feature of fragile X syndrome is that mosaicism is present in  to  percent of those affected by the condition.
Many babies with fragile X syndrome may have trouble with sucking, and some experience digestive disorders that cause frequent gagging and vomiting.
If a child exhibits delayed development and mental impairment and has other symptoms typical of fragile X syndrome, the doctor should be consulted to determine the cause of the problems.
However, any child with signs of developmental delay of speech, language, or motor development with no known cause should be considered for fragile X testing, especially if there is a family history of the condition.
Definitive identification of the fragile X syndrome is made by means of a genetic test to assess the number of CGG sequence repeats in the FMR- gene.
Genetic testing for and detection of the fragile X mutation can be performed on the developing baby before birth through amniocentesis, chorionic villus sampling (CVS), and percutaneous umbilical blood sampling.
Prenatal testing is recommended after the fragile X carrier status of the parents has been confirmed, and the couple has been counseled regarding the risks of recurrence.
Infants and small children are especially vulnerable to SBS because their neck muscles are still too weak to adequately support their disproportionately large heads, and their young brain tissue and blood vessels are extremely fragile.
Osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) is a group of genetic diseases in which the bones are formed improperly, making them fragile and prone to breaking.
It is a condition in which immature and fragile blood vessels within the brain burst and bleed into the hollow chambers (ventricles) normally reserved for cerebrospinal fluid and into the tissue surrounding them.
Intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH)-A condition in which fragile blood vessels within the brain burst and bleed into the hollow chambers (ventricles) of the brain and into the tissue surrounding them.
Autism has also been shown to occur more frequently among individuals who have certain medical conditions, including fragile X syndrome, tuberous sclerosis, congenital rubella syndrome, and untreated phenylketonuria.
Older children or adolescents who try to remove earwax themselves with hair pins or similar objects run the risk of perforating the eardrum or damaging the fragile skin covering the ear canal, causing bleeding and the risk of infection.
The room should not contain anything valuable or fragile and should not contain bookshelves or other things that the child may be able to pull and injure him or her self with.
People with respiratory allergies, hay fever, and sinus infections have swollen nasal membranes that are fragile and more likely to bleed.
This is a very popular styling method for many African American women as black hair tends to be very fragile.
Since straightening your hair removes elasticity from the hair shafts, the straighter your hair is, the more fragile it will become.
It takes great care and skill to handle the fragile material, which makes the Swiss front lace wig ideal for professionals or seasoned users.
Volumizing hair products can help keep hair lively, but take care not to use too many harsh chemicals that can damage already fragile strands.
It is recommended that users who suffer from bleached, fragile, damaged, and/or fine hair use the flat iron on settings below  degrees Fahrenheit.
Naturally curly hair may appear to be coarse and strong, but it is fragile and requires special care when applying chemicals to it.
Black hair by nature tends to be much more fragile and breakage-prone than brunette or blonde strands, but the best vitamins for black hair can help reduce breakage, strengthen strands and encourage hair growth.
The use of damaging tools and chemicals combined with a natural fragile texture can cause black hair to grow more slowly than other shades and hair types.
Look for return policies - Bulk items are usually packaged securely, but keep in mind that candle holders are often made of fragile material like glass.
Still, love remains as an emotion so overwhelming, so fragile, and at times so fleeting, that mere words could never capture its true meaning.
Lower karat rings are less expensive and generally look lighter or more washed-out, while higher-karat rings may be softer and more fragile.
A very delicate, linked chain can be extremely fragile, yet it may be entirely appropriate for a small, unobtrusive diamond accent.
Cut diamonds are particularly fragile and easily damaged because much of the stone's beauty and value is related to the precision and perfection of the cut.
Because invisible settings grip stones below their widest dimension, the settings are more fragile than their bolder counterparts and they must be treated carefully to ensure their security.
Princess cut stones are most fragile on the corners, so it is essential to choose a setting that protects them.
For example, planning early week meals around spinach and other fragile produce ensures that you'll be able to enjoy your purchases before they spoil.
Use fresh spinach and other fragile produce early in the week so you can enjoy your purchases before they spoil.
Character studies set Days apart from the competition as the plot explored the fragile mental state of Marie Horton and the rape of Mickey Horton's wife Laura by his own brother Bill.
When they were revealed as siblings, the pressure cracks Marie's fragile mental state and she confined herself to a nunnery.
An antique piece can run several hundred dollars and be a bit more fragile than a newer model because of the age.
Since autism is shown to run in families, there is most certainly a genetic component, specifically with Fragile X Syndrome, to these disorders.
Fragile X syndrome, also known as Martin-Bell syndrome or FXS, is the most common known cause of inherited intellectual disability, occurring in an estimated  in  males and  in  to  females.
A family of genetic syndromes that are caused by changes in the same gene, Fragile X can result in impairments in a spectrum that ranges from mild learning problems with a normal range IQ to severe developmental disabilities.
The FMR gene can be passed from parent to child in a premutation form, which then may or may not fully mutate to cause Fragile X, or as a full mutation.
Male children who inherit a fully mutated version of the FMR gene in the X chromosome will develop Fragile X, since males have just one X chromosome.
For this reason, girls are less likely to be affected by Fragile X than boys are, and those who do develop the syndrome are often more lightly affected than males with the disorder.
A father who carries the Fragile X mutation can only pass the milder, premutation form of the FMR gene to his daughters, even if he carries the full mutation gene.
Mothers who have one mutated X chromosome and one normal copy have a  percent chance of passing the mutation to each child they bear, though they are very likely to show no symptoms of fragile X themselves.
However, with each generation, the chances of having a child born with Fragile X syndrome from that altered gene increases.
Cognitive effects in females with Fragile X tend to be less severe, with only about one third having an IQ score that indicates mental retardation.
Physical characteristics commonly associated with Fragile X can include an elongated face or jaw, prominent ears, a broad forehead, and a slightly larger than average head.
Males with Fragile X may develop enlarged testicles at the onset of puberty, and those with this syndrome can be prone to certain medical conditions, such as hernia, middle ear infections, and heart murmur, among others.
About one third of children who are diagnosed with Fragile X also have autism, accounting for approximately - percent of overall autism cases diagnosed.
If she has a son, he only inherits one X chromosome, which means there is a high chance that he will have Fragile X Syndrome.
According to the Child Development Institute, it has been shown that children with Fragile X who are integrated into "normalized" educational and social environments "achieve above the level that would have been predicted from measured IQ".
While this is not a complete list of symptoms, anyone familiar with ASD can see why people with Fragile X Syndrome can also be suspected of being autistic.
According to the Fragile X Foundation, the syndrome is the most common single gene cause of autism, being the sole cause in -% of all children who have autism.
At the same time, around % of all children who have Fragile X syndrome also have some form of autism.
Children who have Fragile X Syndrome but do not have autism are usually very social, and thrive in group environments.
At this point, the Fragile X Foundation along with other medical professionals believes that any child who shows signs of autism or retardation should be tested genetically for Fragile X Syndrome.
Unlike autism, people with Fragile X Syndrome can be easily identified genetically even before birth, and this can help parents prepare for the steps necessary to help their child thrive.
Many support groups for Fragile X exist, sometimes overlapping with autism support groups as concerned individuals come together to help those with ASD, FXS, or both.
Since other pervasive developmental disorders, such as Fragile X Syndrome, have genetic causes and autism appears to run in some families, researchers have looked for possible genetic connections to autism.
Both fragile X and mitochondrial disorder are distinct conditions that may or may not appear with the symptoms of autistic disorders.
Put your hands behind your neck (not back of the head) or next to your ears -- whatever you prefer, just don't yank at the back of the head since this put a lot of stress on the fragile upper spine.
No matter what your breast size, it is so important to properly protect fragile breast tissue and ligaments during strenuous exercise.
Not that you can't don a super sexy La Perla lace bra everyday, but those super sexy things, La Perla or not, are made of delicate and fragile materials.
Spread across two discs (just labelled 'left' and 'right'), The Fragile was a softer side of NIN, though certainly not less angry.
Comprising of several shows from the Fragility tour, NIN released a live DVD/CD entitled And All That Could Have Been (the title being a lyric from "The Great Below" from The Fragile).
Teeth saw the NIN front man finally off drugs, and, with the help of a revitalized lineup and some live drums from Dave Grohl, produced a sharper and more focused sound than The Fragile.
His mother, to the casual eye, would appear to be severely disturbed; paranoid, hiding from mysterious stalkers, her care devolves on her young son, who is aware that something is just 'not right' with his fragile mother.
While they usually have great beauty and magical power, they are often also extremely fragile and are occasionally threatened by the humans they encounter in some way.
To assure myself he wouldn't sink our fragile boat I took him aside for a stroll in the small backyard.
In the first volume a stressed and pressurized woman with a fragile mental state gets attacked by a mysterious bat wielding assailant.
Hair is more fragile when it is wet, so vigorous towel drying and rough combing and brushing should be avoided.
A child with fragile X syndrome requires many services, so parents must be prepared to invest significant time and resources to ensure the child receives the help that he or she needs.
Support groups are often good sources of information about fragile X syndrome; they can offer helpful suggestions about living with it as well as emotional support.
Because it is a definite genetic abnormality, it is completely possible for anyone, male, female, adult or child to be tested for the Fragile X gene.
Many of the strategies used by teachers and therapists for autistic children can also benefit children with Fragile X Syndrome.
