
She captured his neck in the noose of her arms, directing his head down to her with a gentle touch of her hand on the back of his neck.
He floated on the updraft of air off the water and then drifted to the beach below, changing into his human form as he landed with a gentle thud on rocky sand.
I received from them gifts that have the gentle concurrence of the heart, books containing their own thoughts, soul-illumined letters, and photographs that I love to have described again and again.
Deidre had never seen him like this, as a quietly commanding figure, capable of lethal force one moment and gentle kisses the next.
The bright, gentle, fanciful plays--the ones I like best now--appear not to have impressed me at first, perhaps because they reflected the habitual sunshine and gaiety of a child's life.
Many years ago there lived in England many good people, but the king and his friends were not kind and gentle and patient with good people, because the king did not like to have the people disobey him.
My teacher says, if children learn to be patient and gentle while they are little, that when they grow to be young ladies and gentlemen they will not forget to be kind and loving and brave.
She is always spoken of by his friends as a mild, reasonable and obliging person, whose amiability and gentle sense did much to soothe the too nervous and excitable temperament of her husband.
Perhaps on that spring morning when Adam and Eve were driven out of Eden Walden Pond was already in existence, and even then breaking up in a gentle spring rain accompanied with mist and a southerly wind, and covered with myriads of ducks and geese, which had not heard of the fall, when still such pure lakes sufficed them.
But he was kind and gentle only to those of his regiment, to Timokhin and the like--people quite new to him, belonging to a different world and who could not know and understand his past.
It made him angry just because the idea of marrying the gentle Princess Mary, who was attractive to him and had an enormous fortune, had against his will more than once entered his head.
They were all gentle and sympathetic and I felt the charm of their manner as much as I had felt the brilliancy of their essays and poems.
Most of the boys she dated would never have thought of practicing the age-old custom of walking around the car to open her door, or guiding her through the crowd with a gentle hand on one elbow.
He'd been as gentle with her as he'd known how, and still she suffered under the weight of the visions.
Some of the gems had been carried by gentle waves to the edges of the lake and deposited away from the bulk of the jewels.
Near Vionville they took ground to their left, opening to full intervals as they did so, and then ascended the gentle incline which still hid them from their enemy.
In the phenomenal world then, there are, it has been thought [and Parmenides accepts the theory, which appears to be of Pythagorean origin], two primary elements - namely, fire, which is gentle, thin, homogeneous, and night, which is dark, thick, heavy.
It is very beautiful to think that you can tell so many people of the heavenly Father's tender love for all His children even when they are not gentle and noble as He wishes them to be.
I tried to imagine my gentle poet when he was a school-boy, and I wondered if it was in Andover he learned the songs of the birds and the secrets of the shy little woodland children.
His gentle flirting reminded her of how charismatic he could be, when not telling her she was getting ready to die.
In general terms, however, the surface may be described as a vast rolling plain having a gentle southern and eastern slope.
Like most true boas, it is of a very gentle disposition and easily domesticates itself in the palm or reed thatched huts of the natives, where it hunts the rats during the night.
Protestants were weeded out of the army, Protestant officers in particular being superseded by idle Catholics of gentle blood, where they could be found, and in any case by Catholics.
He became indeed "doux entete" (gentle but obstinate) as his mother called him, persistent in his ideas and always ready to return to them, though at the same time yielding and drawing back before the force of circumstances.
While Death is cruel and merciless, and never lets go his prey once seized, Sleep is gentle and kindly, the bestower of rest and pleasant dreams, the soother of care and sorrow.
Its coasts, unlike those of the other two islands, are surrounded by low cliffs, from which there is a gentle slope up to two peaks, the one I too ft., the other  ft.
Her close relations (un-Homeric) with the bear and bear-worship have suggested a derivation from " In Homer her " gentle shafts " deal sudden and painless death; she is a beautiful Azrael.
Determined in her faith and proud in her meekness, in opposition to the timid counsels of the military leaders, to the interested delays of the courtiers, to the scruples of the experts and the quarrelling of the doctors, she quoted her voices, who had, she said, commissioned her to raise the siege of Orleans and to conduct the gentle dauphin to Reims, there to be crowned.
Exposed overnight to a cool dry gentle wind from the north-west, the water evaporates at the expense of its own heat, and the consequent cooling takes place with sufficient rapidity to overbalance the slow influx of heat from above through the cooled dense air or from below through the badly conducting straw.
He had few personal friends, and rarely mingled in general society; though bitter to opponents, he was gentle to those who knew him, and his munificent charities gave him a warm place in the hearts of many to whom he was personally unknown.
Its general trend is east and west; towards the south it sinks precipitously, and on the north it descends with a somewhat moie gentle slope towards the longittidinal valleys of the Tormes and Alberche which separate it from another rugged mountain range, forming the southern boundary of the paramera of Avila.
Stream valleys and bottom lands are the conspicuous modifying feature of the prairie region; but in general, owing to the gentle slope of the streams and the great breadth of the plains, erosion has been slight; and indeed the streams, overloaded in seasonal freshets, are building up their valley floors.
Moreover, as the first book which raised natural history into the region of literature, much as the Compleat Angler did for that gentle art, we must affiliate to it the more finished products of later writers like Thoreau or Richard Jefferies.
The villages are usually built on gentle slopes, in which the houses are partially excavated as a protection against the severity of the weather.
When dissolved in water, however, carbonic acid gas is a gentle stimulant to the mouth, stomach and bowel, the mixture being absorbed more rapidly than plain water; hence its greater value in assuaging thirst.
Andy was a gentle and thoughtful father and son – the child prodigy she knew only from the paintings she had admired for years.
She marveled at the world, the gentle sunshine, beautiful sky, the fragrant ocean breeze that ruffled her pink-striped blond hair, the soft crunch of gravel beneath her shoes.
Kris was gracious and gentle with this woman, who he could very easily treat like he did his Immortals and brothers.
First try the easy methods then progress to the gentle abrasive powder bleach, or mild cream abrasive you use to develop the sheen.
Fine hair can be removed by gentle agitation and decanting, before leaving a further  hours or so in some biological detergent.
Self Guided The walk s range from a gentle amble of  kms right through to a more demanding day hike of  kms.
With more delicate constructions, we employ sponges and soft bristled brushes to gently groom the face fiber and allow a gentle cleaning action.
A rare example of a peaceful setting within easy reach of London, Ascot is an idyllic town that charms at a gentle canter.
The new director of the Melville Lab, Wilhelm Huck, has made a gentle transition from supramolecular chemistry to nanochemistry in recent years.
The creamy, moist texture of the cheese is perfectly complemented by the gentle smoky flavor given by the smoking process.
I had another tree friend, gentle and more approachable than the great oak--a linden that grew in the dooryard at Red Farm.
Now I must tell my gentle poet good-bye, for I have a letter to write home before I go to bed.
The two distinguished authors were very gentle and kind, and I could not tell which of them I loved best.
The thought of their gentle courtesy and genuine kindness brings a warm glow of joy and gratitude to my heart.
She lets me kiss her now, and when she is in a particularly gentle mood, she will sit in my lap for a minute or two; but she does not return my caresses.
With the stern old prince and the gentle, timid Princess Mary, though he had scarcely known them, Pierre at once felt like an old friend.
That pale, sad, refined face, that radiant look, those gentle graceful gestures, and especially the deep and tender sorrow expressed in all her features agitated him and evoked his sympathy.
Usually I enjoy seeing the gentle flakes and they cause me little aggravation with their accumulation as I seldom travel more than a block or two when I secure provisions.
The flakes were not large, but unlike most gentle Ouray snow storms, they didn't drift to the ground like tiny dust motes.
Whatever the madman Arnie had in his hand had provoked her gentle spirit into action he would not otherwise think her capable of.
Lana was a gentle soul; the secret must have been great if she left behind that many people to die!
His hands left her face and slid down her shoulders and back in a gentle caress that ended on her waist.
Rushed for time with the immortal world crashing down around him, he hadn't had much time to toy with her, and he hadn't been gentle.
Xander fluttered kisses over her face, as gentle with her as he was brutal with the Others she watched him kill.
The man who tore people in two had been beyond gentle with her, savoring every inch of her body, as if he was trying to memorize everything about her.
Both passed through phases of faith, but while even Positivism did not cool George Eliot's innate religious fervour, with George Sand religion was a passing experience, no deeper than her republicanism and less lasting than her socialism, and she lived and died a gentle savage.
Leo was by nature highly excitable and almost insanely passionate, though at the same time strictly honourable, unselfish, and in private intercourse even gentle.
The northern part of the Gran Chaco is partly wooded and swampy, and as the slope eastward is very gentle and the rivers much obstructed by sand bars, floating trees and vegetation, large areas are regularly flooded during rainy seasons.
A further gentle rise in the high steppes leads to the mountains of the West Australian coast, and another strip of low-lying coastal land to the sea.
Chamber-music. - Bach's and his contemporaries' combinations with the harpsichord show the natural fondness, in his day, for instruments of a tone too gentle for prominent use in large rooms, or indeed for survival in modern times.
The gentle lemurs (Hapalemur) have a rounder head, with smaller ears and a shorter muzzle, and also a bare patch covered with spines on the fore-arm.
An elevation of great extent which rises at a very gentle angle from a surrounding depression is termed a " rise," one which is relatively narrow and steep-sided a " ridge," and one which is approximately equal in length and breadth but steep-sided a " plateau," whether it springs direct from a depression or from a rise.
Tacitus possessed many admirable qualities, but his gentle character and advanced age unfitted him for the throne in such lawless times.
Recently emerged from the Post-Pliocene sea, or freed from their mantle of ice, they persistently maintain the self-same features over immense areas; and the few portions that rise above the general elevation have more the character of broad and gentle swellings than of mountain-chains.
It is separated from the Black Sea by a gentle swelling which may be traced from Kremenets in Volhynia to the lower Don, and perhaps farther S.E.
Taking their origin from a series of lacustrine basins scattered over the plateaus and differing slightly in elevation, the Russian rivers describe immense curves before reaching the sea, and flow with a very gentle gradient, while numerous large tributaries collect their waters from over vast areas.
He must have given general satisfaction, for even before Parker's death two persons so different as Burghley and Dean Nowell independently recommended Grindal's appointment as his successor, and Spenser speaks warmly of him in the Shepherd's Calendar as the "gentle shepherd Algrind."
The cordial and gentle manners of Mrs Gibbon, however, and her unremitting care for his happiness, won him from his first prejudices, and gave her a permanent place in his esteem and.
On its eastern slope the waters soon disappear within the bed of narrow canyons, but break out again at the foot in icecold springs that form the source of the Ruby and Franklin lakes; on its western side the descent is more gentle, and the waters form the South Fork of the Humboldt river.
Schwenkfeld, whose gentle birth and courtly manners won him many friends in high circles, left behind him a sect (who were called subsequently by others Schwenkfeldians, but who called themselves "Confessors of the Glory of Christ") and numerous writings to perpetuate his ideas.
At a distance from the central core the radiating ridges become less abrupt and descend with a gentle gradient, finally passing somewhat abruptly, at a height of some  ft., into the level plateau.
His Gentle Shepherd, by its directness of impression and its appreciation of country life, anticipates the attitude of the school which broke with neo-classical tradition.
The severity with which the land was treated may pass for a gentle reprisal if the Moabites of that day were not more humane than their descendants in the days of King Mesha.
Much of the unglacial or driftless portion of the state is embraced within its limits, and although the streams now have a gentle or even sluggish flow, they have greatly broken the surface of the country.
He was grave and gay, affable and dignified, cruel and gentle, mean and generous, eager for fame yet not vain, impulsive and cautious, secretive and open.
The nickname of "gentle shepherd" was given him because he bored the House by asking over and over again, during the debate on the Cider Bill of , that somebody should tell him "where" to lay the new tax if it was not to be put on cider.
The Hare Indian dog of the Great Bear Lake and the Mackenzie river is more slender, gentle and affectionate than the Eskimo dog, but is impatient of restraint, and preserves many of the characters of its wild ally, the coyote, and is practically unable to bark.
But, after a royal order had been issued for their sale, Queen Isabella, interested by what she had heard of the gentle and hospitable character of the natives and of their docility, procured a letter to be written to Bishop Fonseca, the superintendent of Indian affairs, suspending the order until inquiry should be made into the causes for which they had been made prisoners, and into the lawfulness of their sale.
The mounds were probably formed by some gentle eruptive action like that exhibited in the " mud hills " along the Mississippi below New Orleans; but no explanation is generally accepted.
It lies on a gentle eminence in the flat fen country, and the fine Perpendicular tower and spire of the church of St Mary are a landmark from far.
The Pentland range contains many points of interest and beauty, but these are mostly accessible only to the pedestrian, although the hills are crossed by roads, of which the chief are those by Glencorse burn and the Cauld Stane Slap. Habbie's Howe, the scene of Allan Ramsay's pastoral The Gentle Shepherd, is some  m.
Like most of the buildings at Sydney, the university is built of the excellent sandstone from the quarries of Pyrmont; it is th-century Gothic in style and stands at the top of a gentle slope, surrounded by gardens.
Thus the Ektagh Altai is a true border-rangethat is, a lofty and steep escarpment facing the Dzungarian depression, with a gentle and relatively short slope towards the plateau.
On their eastern (Zululand) side the slope of the Lebombo mountains is gentle, but on the west they fall abruptly to the plain.
Throughout the whole of Arabia, so far as is known, the sedimentary beds show no signs of any but the most gentle folding.
Don Felix de Azara wrote of one which he kept on a chain that it was "as gentle and playful as any kitten could be."
Luminous dark eyes sparkled and flamed beneath his thick, black brows, and his large mouth and prominent nether lips were as capable of gentle sweetness as of power and set resolve.
Climatic agencies have smoothed and modified everything rugged or abrupt, until an impression of gentle undulation rather than of grandeur is suggested.
Nowhere is the region of eternal snow reached, and masses of foliage enhance the gentle aspect of the scenery and glorify it in autumn with tints of striking brilliancy.
Down to the end of this era painting was entirely in the hands of a patrician castecourtiers, priests, feudal nobles and their military retainers, all men of high education and gentle birth, living in a polished circle.
Notwithstanding the greater degradation into which she falls, and her originally dependent position, she has been well educated, and has consorted with persons of gentle birth.
The, most eminent preacher of the century was Bernard of Clairvaux (-), esteemed alike by gentle and simple, and summing up the popular scholastic and mystical types of preaching.
Still there are everywhere gentle inequalities on the smoothest ocean floor which give to its greater features a distinct relief.
The continental shelf is the gentle slope which extends from the edge of the land to a depth usually about loo, though in some cases as much as  fathoms, and is there demarcated by an abrupt increase in the steepness of the slope to ocean depths.
The general character of the country is hilly, rising westwards in a gentle slope from the chief stream, the Nam Hpilu or Balu.
This side of Benedictine life is most typically represented by the Venerable Bede, the gentle and learned scholar of the early middle ages.
He was present at evening in the church, and when the midnight bell sounded for the nocturnal office early on Sunday morning he again went thither unsupported, but sank down before the altar and passed away as in a gentle sleep.
On the ground that after the virtues of courage and valour and fearlessness have been taught in the lower stages of evolution, the virtue of gentle humane ness and extended sympathy for all that can suffer should be taught in the higher cycles of the evolutionary spiral.
The ascent to the upper plain then becomes very gentle, though there is a rise of  or o ft., until it reaches the south-eastern portion of Sargent county and changes into the more abrupt Coteau des Prairies, a plateau about  ft.
But as each successive range, proceeding south, represents a higher step in the terraced ascent from the desert of Gobi to the plateau of Tibet, the ranges when viewed from the north frequently appear like veritable upstanding mountain ranges, and this appearance is accentuated by the general steepness of the ascent; whereas, when viewed on the other hand from the south, these several ranges, owing to their long and gentle slope in that direction, have the appearance of comparatively gentle swellings of the earth's service rather than of well-defined mountain ranges.
The slopes on both north and south are extremely gentle, but that on the south is eight to ten times as long as that on the north.
The southern slope of the range is gentle but short, the northern slope long and steep. Grass is able to grow, and animal life is more abundant.
In the poems, Mark is, as a rule, represented in a favourable light, a gentle, kindly man, deeply attached to both Tristan and Iseult, and only too ready to allow his suspicions to be dispelled by any plausible explanation they may choose to offer.
The river flows out of Loch Earn, pursues an eastward course with a gentle inclination towards the south, and reaches the Firth of Tay,  m.
But the city itself has a different aspect; its situation is relieved by numerous gentle hills, which show up its fine public buildings to great advantage; its main streets are wide and well kept, and it has an air of prosperity, activity and comfort.
In the mountain region the soil is mostly a sandy loam composed of disintegrated granitic gneiss and organic matter; on the lower and more gentle slopes as well as in the valleys this is generally deep enough for a luxuriant vegetable growth but on the upper and more precipitous slopes it is thin, or the rocks are entirely bare.
An only son, late born, seeing no companions of his own age, hearing nothing but the voices of his parents and the hymns and prayers in the little Calvinist chapel, Arany grew up a grave and gentle, but by no means an ignorant child.
The neighbours said that the fairies caused the phenomenon, as the man had swept his chimney with a bough of holly, and the holly is "a gentle tree," dear to the fairies.
As in all such forms, the Niagara cuesta has a relatively strong slope or infacing escarpment on the side towards the oldland, and a long gentle slope on the other side.
Other kinds of repetition are Shelley's Witch of Atlas,  i i seq., "Like one asleep in a green hermitage, I With gentle sleep about its eyelids playing" (sleep for smiles has come from the previous line); Revolt of Islam, , "Where" for "When" appears to have come from "Where" in  or .
South of these highlands, occupying a narrow strip on each side of the Tennessee river, is a delightful country of gentle rolling lowlands varying in elevation from  to  ft.
Geologically and structurally Cyrenaica is a mass of Miocene limestone tilted up steeply from the Mediterranean and falling inland by a gentle descent to sea-level again at the line of depression, which runs from the gulf of Sidra through Aujila to Siwa.
The flat frame is the most gentle in its usage of the silk, but is most costly in labour; whilst the circular frame, being more severe in its action, is not suitable for the thoroughly degummed silks, but on the other hand is best for silks containing much wormy matter, because the silk hanging down into the combing teeth is thoroughly cleansed of such foreign matter, which is deposited under the machine.
Thus, in an age of strife and polemics, it seemed to afford a refuge for quiet, gentle spirits, and meditative temperaments.
Its surface consists mainly of the gentle slopes of five volcanic mountains which have encroached much upon one another by their eruptions.
Magnesium Oxide, magnesia, MgO, occurs native as the mineral periclase, and is formed when magnesium burns in air; it may also be prepared by the gentle ignition of the hydroxide or carbonate.
One practical outcome of these researches is the method now always adopted of sterilizing by a succession of gentle warmings, sufficient to kill the developed micro-organisms, instead of by one fierce heating attempting to attack the more refractory undeveloped germs of the same.
The eastern portion of the district is generally flat, broken only by gentle undulations, but the western parts, from north-west to south-west, are intersected by the great Aravalli range.
And when everything was prepared the prince or subject who was to knight him came into the hall, and, the candidate's sword and spurs having been presented to him, he delivered the right spur to the " most noble and gentle " knight present, and directed him to fasten it on the candidate's right heel, which he kneeling on one knee and putting the candidate's right foot on his knee accordingly did, signing the candidate's knee with the cross, and in like manner by another " noble and gentle " knight the left spur was fastened to his left heel.
An indirect effect of this system  was to break down another rule of the chivalrous code - that none could be dubbed who was not of gentle birth.
Did not the Lamb of God, suspended at each knight's heart, symbolize at once the woollen fabrics to which so much of Flemish wealth and Burgundian power was owing, and the gentle humility of Christ which was ever to characterize the order?
In this case the scion is grafted directly on to a portion of the root of some appropriate stock, both graft and stock being usually very small; the grafted root is then potted so as to cover the point of junction with the soil, and is plunged in the bed of the propagating house, where it gets the slight stimulus of a gentle bottom heat.
This done, another set of roots higher up the ball must be laid out in the same way, and again another, until the whole of the roots, thus carefully laid, are embedded as firmly as may be in the soil, which may now receive another gentle treading.
The first stages of forcing should, of course, be very gentle, so that the whole growth of the plants may advance in harmony.
Transplant to the bottom of a south wall a portion of the peas sown in pots in frames in November and January for the first crop. Sow Brussels sprouts in gentle heat for an early crop.
Sow carrots, turnips, early celery, also aubergines or egg-plants, capsicums, tomatoes and successional crops of kidney-beans; cauliflower and Brussels sprouts, in gentle heat, to be afterwards planted out.
Shy plants should be given gentle bottom heat to induce growth, which should be gently hardened by exposure under cooler conditions.
But the invaluable and rather delicate art of tempering the hardened steel by a very careful and gentle reheating, which removes its extreme brittleness though leaving most of ifs precious hardness, needs such skilful handling that it can hardly have become known until very long after the art of hot-forging.
These plateaus, with an average elevation of Boo to  ft., are mostly covered with forests of oak, beech and lime, and are deeply cut by river valleys, some being narrow and craggy, and others broad, with gentle slopes and marshy bottoms. Narrow ravines intersect them in all directions, and they often assume, especially in the east, the character of wild, impassable, woody and marshy tracts.
On the western side these highlands terminate with a more or less sharply defined edge, the country sloping gradually up to their bases in gentle undulations with open, ill-defined valleys; on the eastern side they send out broad spurs enclosing deep-cut valleys, and the whole country retains more of an upland character.
His temper was hot, kept under rigid control; his disposition tender, gentle and loving, with flashing scorn and indignation against all that was ignoble and impure; he was a good husband, father and friend.
The construction of irrigation canals and ditches was for the most part brought about by farmers joining to plough out or dig ditches from the rivers, descending on a gentle grade.
Happily for his honour, the charm which held him captive was at length broken by no gentle or friendly hand.
The only plain of any great extent is that of Catania, watered by the Simeto, in the east; to the north of this plain the active volcano of Etna rises with an exceedingly gentle slope to the height of , ft.
Generally speaking, the instruments used for these purposes are not disturbed by the vibrations resulting from ordinary traffic. In almost every household something may be found which will respond to a gentle shaking of the ground.
Vicentini of Padua, will yield excellent diagrams of the gentle undulations of earthquakes which have originated at great distances, but for local disturbances, even if the bob of the pendulum acts as a steady point, the highly multiplied displacements are usually too great to be recorded.
The surface of the province is a gentle slope from the south-west towards the north-east, where it terminates in the long ridge of hills known as the Hondsrug (Dog's Back) extending along the eastern border into Groningen.
By some considered as a fanatical devotee, and by others as given up to mysticism, he is generally described as kind and gentle in disposition, and devoted to the interests of his country.
The slate hills, weathering more readily, assume gentle slopes and rounded ridges, as in the high land from Holy Loch to the Kyles of Bute.
The anarchic weakness of the reign of Stephen enabled David to secure his hold of northern England to the Till, but the death of his gallant and gentle son Henry, in June , left the succession to his son, Malcolm the Maiden, then a child of ten, and David's death (th of May ) exposed Scotland to the dangers of a royal minority.
The term Iota communitas, " the whole community," appears to denote all freeholders of gentle birth, who might be present at any important assembly for the discussion of national affairs.
Had Henry been honourable and gentle, had his sister not shared his vehement passions, James and Henry, nephew and uncle, might have been united in peace; and the Scottish Reformation might have harmoniously blended with that of England.
Still less historical justification is to be found for the vacillating Weisslingen in whom Goethe executed poetic justice on himself as the lover of Friederike, or in the women of the play, the gentle Maria, the heartless Adelheid.
To prepare the nutmegs for use, the seed enclosing the kernel is dried at a gentle heat in a drying-house over a smouldering fire for about two months, the seeds being turned every second or third day.
The main watershed of the peninsula lies towards the east coast; therefore such elevated ground as exists is found on the east, while the western slope is gentle and consists of a low sandy plain of slight undulation.
The dominant mountain system of Afghanistan is the Hindu Kush, and that extension westwards of its water-divide which is indicated by the Koh-i-Baba to the north-west of Kabul, and by the Firozkhoi plateau (Karjistan), which merges still farther to the west by gentle gradients into the Paropamisus, and which may be traced across the Hari Rud to Mashad.
From Kabul the old route followed the Kabul river through the valley of Laghman (or Lamghan, as the Afghans call it) over a gentle water-parting into the Kunar valley, leaving Ningrahar and Jalalabad to the south.
In its rear springs up a gentle steady north-east wind, which gradually extends over the Bay of Bengal, and is known as the north-east monsoon.
At Constance, his role had been chiefly that of an arbiter; he was a good and gentle man, leading a simple life, free from intrigue.
In the east part of the state is the magnificent Sierra Nevada, a great block of the earth's crust, faulted along its eastern side and tilted up so as to have a gentle back slope to the west and a steep fault escarpment facing east, the finest mountain system of the United States.
Where the volcanic formations were spread uniformly over the flanks of the mountains, the contrast between the canyons and the plain-like region of gentle slope in which they have been excavated is especially marked and characteristic. The eastern slope is very precipitous, due to a great fault which drops the rocks of the Great Basin region abruptly downward several thousand feet.
They sleep during the day, but wander forth at night in search of food, and are shy and gentle, though they can bite strongly when provoked.
In the east a well-defined mountain system runs nearly parallel to the Black Sea coast from Batum to Sinope, forming a gentle curve with its convexity facing southwards.
Balard determined the volume composition of the gas by decomposition over mercury on gentle warming, followed by the absorption of the chlorine produced with potassium hydroxide, and then measured the residual oxygen.
Frederick's ideal of civilization was derived in a large measure from Provence, where a beautiful culture had prematurely bloomed, filling southern Europe with the perfume of poetry and gentle living.
A very gentle heating gives decomposition approximating to the equation of KC=KC  +KC+ , whilst on a more rapid heating the quantities correspond more nearly to loKC  = KC+KC+ .
A regular gentle slope leads from these hills to the Gulf of Bothnia (Osterbotten), forming vast prairie tracts in its lower parts.
You behold me gentle, a peacemaker, pure of heart, a mourner, hungering, thirsting, bearing persecutions and hatreds for righteousness' sake, and do you doubt whether I accept the gospel..
From its confluence with the Sheksna the Volga flows with a very gentle descent towards the south-east, past Yaroslavl and Kostroma, along a broad valley hollowed to a depth of - ft.
They should really be known by the teaching and martyrdom of Blaurock, Grebel and Hubmaier, and by the gentle learning and piety of Hans Denck - of whom, with many hundred others, "the world was not worthy."
Gentle forest-clad undulations, many small lakes and peat-mosses, are characteristic of the region; which, in fact, closely resembles the middle belt of the northern highland region.
This maritime range is traversed by several river valleys, some of which, like the Bio-Bio, are broad and have so gentle a slope as to be navigable.
He led in person several armies into Italy, and proved as severe and pitiless towards his enemies as he was gentle and clement towards his subjects.
John's son Donald, sometimes called "gentle Lochiel," joined Charles Edward, the Young Pretender, in , was wounded at Culloden, and escaped to France, dying in the same year as his father.
Thebes (anciently ac, Thebae, or in poetry sometimes '  a, in modern Greek Phiva, or, according to the corrected pronunciation, Thivae), an ancient Greek city in Boeotia, is situated on low hilly ground of gentle slope a little north of the range of Cithaeron, which divides Boeotia from Attica, and on the edge of the Boeotian plain, about  m.
Thus the upper parts of the Zhob valley are comparatively open and fertile, with flourishing villages, and a cultivation which has been greatly developed under British rule, and are bounded by long, sweeping, gentle spurs clothed with wild olive woods containing trees of immense size.
The slope then steepens with the ascending curve to the summit of the pass, from which point it falls with a comparatively gentle gradient to the general level of the plateau.
His mother Sibyl was "of gentle birth," a daughter of William Bowate and granddaughter of William Stratton of Stratton, Hants.
She had been brought up in a narrow retirement, could speak no language but her own, had no looks, no accomplishments and no dowry, her only recommendations being her proficiency in needlework, and her meek and gentle temper.
The surface in general is rolling, with a gentle slope northward, and drains through the Little Colorado (or Colorado Chiquito), Rio Puerco and other streams into the Grand Canyon.
From the Mongolian plateau the ascent is on the whole gentle, but from the plains of Siberia it is much steeper, despite the fact that the range is masked by a broad belt of subsidiary ranges of an Alpine character, e.g.
At this period gentle showers are of great value, as they cause an increase in the subsequent yield of opium.
In almost everything she was the opposite of her gentle husband, but entered into his educational schemes, and gave her patronage to the foundation of Queen's College, Cambridge.
The land, generally undulating, is further diversified with hills arranged in groups or ranges, a common characteristic of which is a bold face on the one hand and a long gentle slope, with narrow valleys deeply penetrating, on the other.
The general character of the landscape in the Eastern Division is a succession of steep escarpments formed by the edges of the outcropping beds of harder rock, and long gentle slopes or plains on the dip-slopes, or on the softer layers; clay and hard rock alternating throughout the series.
The coal-fields on the eastern side, from the Tyne nearly to the Trent, are sharply marked off on the east by the outcrop of Permian dolomite or Magnesian limestone, which forms a low terrace dipping towards the east under more recent rocks, and in many places giving rise to an escarpment facing westward towards the gentle slope of the Pennine dales.
Up on deck your Nile cruise ship helps create a gentle breeze that is often a welcome relief from the Egyptian sun.
In spite of its pugilistic face, the dragon goby, or violet goby as it is also known, is a gentle fish.
As they are shy with all fishes apart from other dwarf gouramis, their tank mates should be gentle and sedate.
It is also a gentle herb suitable for children, where it can be used to calm anxious or excitable children and soothe headaches.
The range of treks varies from a short gentle hikes through terraced foothills to lengthy expeditions to mount Everest's summit.
You can hire your own houseboat and chug along at a gentle pace from Toulouse to Carcassonne, some  miles away.
Rob shared so much of the joy and love in his life and used gentle humor to lift bad situations.
With a gentle starting pace and the ability to stay virtually immortal it really is aimed for the young kiddies.
He also showed that he hadn't lost his knack for gentle humor that elicits laughter and groans in equal measure.
Linseed seeds act as a gentle bulk laxative and their use has been demonstrated through use of case examples and a literature review.
Tightness Excess fluid in the tissues causes swelling and tightness which is helped with gentle exercises to drain the lymph.
A Gentle reflexology treatment massages the feet and each reflex point can be stimulated or calmed to encourage a return to health.
But even the gentle ministrations of the deep can become wearing after a time, and all I hear now is a death rattle.
We recommend that wheels are washed using a microfibre wash mitt and a gentle shampoo in conjunction with the two bucket method.
These are over m long and allow novices to practice on gentle slopes in safety without having to manage conventional lifts.
Outside all was quiet save for the gentle patter of the rain on the windows, the storm having lost much of its ferocity.
A gentle exfoliating therapy enriched with tropical papain fruit enzymes and flower extracts to purify blocked pores and sweep away dead cells.
Soft pads play gentle staccato chord, bright guitars strum hip-swaying rhythms and occasional steps into darker moods provide dramatic interludes.
Sending him breakfast was intended as a gentle ribbing, the sort of thing two friends who knew each other well could laugh about.
The first bit had a gentle gradient but was quite badly rutted, catching out Mike Hobbs in his Big Beetle.
The gentle cleanser Enriched with a soapwort extract, this cleansing cream-gel cleanses the skin in depth and eliminates excess sebum.
Treated with a seriousness and dignity, well tempered by gentle humor, at times they actually seem more self-aware than the adults.
Rose Quartz brings powerful healing energies to remove negativity and bring back a strong sense of self-worth and gentle self-love.
A gentle purring rattles the air currents above the South Stand, but the stadium seems as sleepy as it's been for years.
Seen from High Pike itself it's just a gentle swell in the moorland a mile or so to the southwest.
Tenderly sung with gentle harmonies and a bouncy upbeat tempo ensures the album is worms a way into your heart.
Here his pure, clean vocals are supported by a gentle backing track making the voice soar way above the music.
At the great distances of the Oort Cloud, comets can be affected by the gentle gravitational tugs of nearby passing stars.
The device performs a gentle and repeated circular motion, which moves the vertebrae of the lower back and the pelvic area.
Walkers are greeted at the meeting point by the walk leaders and do some gentle warm-up exercises before setting off.
Fear must release me to my God Anger must leave me, As a gentle whisper in the wind Death must lose its sting.
Both, as we have come to expect from Luke, involved some excellent guitar work with gentle and sometimes wry lyrics.
The actual elevation of a summit above sea-level does not necessarily affect its mountainous character; a gentle eminence, for instance, rising a few hundred feet above a tableland, even if at an elevation of say , ft., could only be called a hill.
Beacon Hill, so called from its ancient use as a signal warning station, is still the most conspicuous topographical feature of the city, but it has been changed from a bold and picturesque eminence into a gentle slope.
Columbus passed through the islands, and in one of his letters to Ferdinand and Isabella he said,"This country excels all others as far as the day surpasses the night in splendour; the natives love their neighbours as themselves; their conversation is the sweetest imaginable; their faces always smiling; and so gentle and so affectionate are they, that I swear to your highness there is not a better people in the world."
The shaft Crystal- carries arms and blades fixed in such a manner that the mass of sugar is quietly but thoroughly moved, while at the same time a gentle but sustained evaporation is produced by the continuous exposure of successive portions of the mass to the action of the atmosphere.
They are very delicate animals, difficult to keep in confinement, and in that state exhibiting a gentle disposition, and being normally silent (see Primates).
It is pleasantly situated on a gentle eminence, in a rich pastoral vale to which it gives name, celebrated for its dairies, producing the famous cheese known as "double Gloucester."
To facilitate sorties in great force he did away with a counterscarp wall, providing instead a long gentle slope from the bottom of the ditch to the crest of the glacis.
A dozen generations of men have rejoiced in the gentle irony with which Montaigne handles the ludicrum humani saeculi, in the quaint felicity of his selection of examples, and in the real though sometimes fantastic wisdom of his comment on his selections.
The valley, known by the general name of Kakir, meaning a " hard, dry, sterile expanse of clay," is chequered with shallow selfcontained basins of the usual type and has remarkably gentle slopes ' The Northern Mountains are the Pe-shan in the desert of Gobi (see Gobi).
In the southern part of the Basin Range province the ranges are well dissected and some of the intermont depressions have rock floors with gentle, centripetal slopes; hence it is suggested that the time since the last dislocation in this part of the province is relativel remote; that erosion in the current cycle has here advanced muc farther than in the central or northern parts of the province; and that, either by outwash to the sea or by exportation of wind-borne dust, the depressions-perhaps aggraded for a time in the earlier stages of the cyclehave now been so deeply worn down as to degrade the lower and weaker parts of the tilted blocks to an evenly sloping surface, leaving the higher and harder parts still in relief as residual ranges.
The floor of this depression being below baselevel, it has necessarily come to be the seat of the mountain waste brought down by the many streams from the newly uplifted Sierra Nevada on the east and the coast ranges on the west; each stream forms an alluvial fan of very gentle slope; the fans all become laterally confluent, and incline very gently forward to meet in a nearly level axial belt, where the trunk riversthe Sacramento from the north and the San Joaquin from the south-east--wander in braided courses; their tendency to aggradation having been increased in the last half century by the gravels from gold washing; their waters entering San Francisco Bay.
In  he was committed to the care of Cox of Ely with strict rules for his treatment; and the bishop () could find no fault with him except that "he was a gentle person but in the popish religion too, too obstinate."
Richard Shackleton was endowed with a grave, pure and tranquil nature, constant and austere, yet not without those gentle elements that often redeem the drier qualities of his religious persuasion.
He was the very opposite of Richelieu, as wheedling in his ways as the other had been haughty and scornful, as devoid of vanity and rancour as Richelieu had been full of jealous care for his authority; he was gentle where the other had been passionate and irritable, with an intelligence as great and more supple, and a far more grasping nature.
They were as gentle as kittens; but I told her they would get wild and fierce as they grew older.
This inevitability alone can explain how the cruel Arakcheev, who tore out a grenadier's mustache with his own hands, whose weak nerves rendered him unable to face danger, and who was neither an educated man nor a courtier, was able to maintain his powerful position with Alexander, whose own character was chivalrous, noble, and gentle.
A gentle purring rattles the air currents above the South Stand, but the stadium seems as sleepy as it 's been for years.
Share your days with gentle deer, scampering squirrels, secretive badgers, soaring buzzards and hawks in the wild, private Leny glen.
Ranging from  to  km, from gentle strolls to more strenuous hikes there are suitable walks for all age groups.
Seen from High Pike itself it 's just a gentle swell in the moorland a mile or so to the southwest.
It was a happy brooding, although tinged with regret at being separated for an indefinite time from her gentle aunt and dear cousin.
My husband suggested this was a good time to get the second dog as a companion for our gentle whippet cross bitch.
And on the covered terrace of the handsome old clubhouse, golfers enjoy cooling libations under the gentle whir of ceiling fans.
Placing your gentle baby into the arms of another caregiver while you spend the day at work is a difficult transition for all involved.
A nursery glider also offers an easy range of motion, requiring only a gentle push of the foot to set it rocking to and fro.
With gentle, but stimulating audio and visual creations, art and music come alive as baby's natural appetite for curiosity is strengthened even further.
The milk-based Carnation infant formula Good Start Supreme is specially formulated and contains gentle  per cent whey comfort proteins.
Another easy way to make the crib into a Beatrix Potter bed is to keep all of the bedding in gentle colors and add Beatrix Potter decals to the baby bed itself.
Washing your baby's hair every day with a gentle shampoo will help to diminish the sebaceous output and the amount of plaque present on your baby's head.
Cotton is an excellent choice for baby clothing as it is lightweight, breathable and gentle on a baby's sensitive skin.
Getting a regular catalog from a company you have ordered from before is a gentle reminder that the company still exists and would like more of your money.
While I don't have sensitive teeth or gums myself, I can definitely see the gentle action of this brush being something that will appeal to people who have these types of problems.
There is the rare occasion when a kitten may become stuck and need a gentle tug from you in order to free it when mom has the next contraction.
Your elderly grandmother may be a gentle soul, which is why a ruthless social hacker may try to manipulate her to reveal information about you.
Laugh - Teach kids the importance of humor by poking gentle fun at them and encourage them to do the same to you.
