
Sentences
Dark hair and brown or hazel eyes are the rule; blue-eyed blonds are found, but their frequency has been considerably overstated.
He promoted the subscription for Pope's Homer, contributed some numbers to the Tatler, Spectator, and Intelligencer, and joined with Pope and Arbuthnot in establishing the Scriblerus Club, writing Martinus Scriblerus, his share in which can have been but small, as well as John Bull, where the chapter recommending the education of all blue-eyed children in depravity for the public good must surely be his.
Is it actually that blue-eyed redheads have the same number of accidents as non-redheads, but brown-eyed redheads are even more clumsy, accident prone, and traffic hazards?
All the evening Nicholas paid attention to a blue-eyed, plump and pleasing little blonde, the wife of one of the provincial officials.
If a blue-eyed woman chooses a warm red lipstick, though, her eyes will stand out even if there's little more than mascara there.
If you have green eyes, you should know that they are actually somewhat rare and will set you apart from the blue-eyed and brown-eyed girls.
First critics alleged that the blue-eyed hunk was misrepresenting his age, then touted that the singer was gay, a rumor cleared up by the number of alleged affairs with beautiful women all over the world.
Her red hair and green eyes helped her stand out from other child actors, who were trying to fit the stereotypical idea of blond hair, blue-eyed children.
The results of these tests showed that  percent of the blue-eyed people in the study showed an identical mutation on thirteen of their chromosomes.
The Danish blue-eyed genealogy study has led to the theory that blue eyes started with one person who had a mutation on their chromosome that shut off the production of melanin in their iris.
On the commercials, they were the epitome of the blonde haired, blue eyed Swedish bombshell (in bikinis, of course!) that some men dream of.
Her hair was short and curly, too, unlike the blond, blue-eyed father that'd all but raped Jenn on their mating night.
The tall, fair and blue-eyed individuals who are found to the north-east of the Seine and in Normandy appear to be nearer in race to the Scandinavian and Germanic invaders; a tall and darker type with long faces and aquiline noses occurs in some parts of Franche-Cont and Champagne, the Vosges and the Perche.
Two centuries B.C. the region was occupied by the fair and blue-eyed Ussuns, who were driven away in the th century of our era by the northern Huns.
Bandhotm aPPet A Danes are a yellow-haired and blue-eyed Teutonic race of middle stature, bearing traces of their kinship with the northern Scandinavian peoples.
The blue-eyed and fair-haired Scandinavians may have been conquerors or conquered, they may have adopted the language of their darker lords or their subjects, or vice versa.
