
When asked the colour of some one whose occupation she did not know she seemed bewildered, and finally said "blue."
Bolkonski only tried not to lose touch with it, and looked around bewildered and unable to grasp what was happening in front of him.
A young officer with a bewildered and pained expression on his face stepped away from the man and looked round inquiringly at the adjutant as he rode by.
Edith Shipton wasn't a saint either, nor do I think she was near as bewildered about life as she let on.
A warm embrace caught her mid-fall over the cliff, and the scent of soap and man penetrated her bewildered senses.
In the wild state they never defend themselves, and if approached from different points, according to the Indian fashion of hunting, get completely bewildered and fall an easy prey.
Then she went all round the table to see who was there, and finding no one but me, she seemed bewildered.
Melbourne swamped by flash floods Perched on the roofs of their cars, they look out bewildered on a city inundated with flash floods.
Virgo isn't the best communicator of the zodiac, so he'll be left bewildered and wondering what happened to his Lady in the Lake.
The young pair team up to discover what they can about Dust, eventually enlisting the bewildered help of an Our-Universe physicist named Mary Malone, who recognizes that Dust is the Dark Matter of modern physics.
Edith Shipton was standing by the fireplace, sobbing, Ryland was ready to swing on Fitzgerald, Claire Quincy was protesting something in the corner while Effie just looked bewildered.
In the presence of the rising storm the duchess was bewildered, seeing clearly the folly of the policy she was obliged to carry out no less than its difficulty.
Little gray haired Effie wore a perpetual smile on her pretty face, a tad on the silly side but charming nonetheless, in a bewildered sort of way.
I do not think that Lizzie distrusted my sincerity, but it was evident that she was both bewildered and a little contemptuous.
The tidings of the death of his brother Charles IX., which reached him on the th of June , determined him to exchange a thorny for what he hoped would be a flowery throne, and at midnight on the th of June  he literally fled from Poland, pursued to the frontier by his indignant and bewildered subjects.
But the once proud and shrewd rulers of France, feeling that their part is played out, are even more bewildered than he, and do not say the words they should have said to destroy him and retain their power.
The bewildered climbers looked longingly at their friends and especially Penny, but were trapped into listening to the galactic adventures of some creatures called "womps."
In pieces such as Liszt's " Poemes symphoniques," Ce qu'on entend sur la montagne (-), after a poem by Victor Hugo, and Die Ideale (-), after a poem by Schiller, the hearer is bewildered by a series of startling orchestral effects which succeed one another apparently without rhyme or reason.
