
Sentences
Even if we should come to unpleasant places on our way it is necessary, in order to reach the earth's surface, to keep moving on toward it.
It was the most comical shapeless thing, this improvised doll, with no nose, mouth, ears or eyes--nothing that even the imagination of a child could convert into a face.
Hippocrates has even left directions how we should cut our nails; that is, even with the ends of the fingers, neither shorter nor longer.
Even a bird is smart enough to push the fledgling out of the nest when it fails to fly on its own.
I spend less time waiting for Excel to do a recalculation of my formulas today than I did on my  in the s, even though my spreadsheets are thousands of times more complex.
Search engines have done a fabulous job tackling this problem, even given the vast, vast, amounts of information added to the Internet every day.
It was probably the first money, other than the air fares, Señor Medena had been able to spend on Alex - and even then he had to do it through Felipa.
Even in the best, most friendly and simplest relations of life, praise and commendation are essential, just as grease is necessary to wheels that they may run smoothly.
Vera's remark was correct, as her remarks always were, but, like most of her observations, it made everyone feel uncomfortable, not only Sonya, Nicholas, and Natasha, but even the old countess, who--dreading this love affair which might hinder Nicholas from making a brilliant match-- blushed like a girl.
I did not know that I was spelling a word or even that words existed; I was simply making my fingers go in monkey-like imitation.
The illustrative strings and the orange stick representing the poles seemed so real that even to this day the mere mention of temperate zone suggests a series of twine circles; and I believe that if any one should set about it he could convince me that white bears actually climb the North Pole.
In such a neighborhood as this, boards and shingles, lime and bricks, are cheaper and more easily obtained than suitable caves, or whole logs, or bark in sufficient quantities, or even well-tempered clay or flat stones.
The artillery and baggage wagons moved noiselessly through the deep dust that rose to the very hubs of the wheels, and the infantry sank ankle-deep in that soft, choking, hot dust that never cooled even at night.
If he reports that our losses were great, it is not true; perhaps about four thousand, not more, and not even that; but even were they ten thousand, that's war!
If my mother happened to be near I crept into her arms, too miserable even to remember the cause of the tempest.
A man may grow rich in Turkey even, if he will be in all respects a good subject of the Turkish government.
Everything not connected with the execution of the prince's orders did not interest and did not even exist for Alpatych.
Difficult as it was to believe he was involved in something like this, it was even harder to believe he had no interest in her.
He'd trained her to use many of the weapons and encouraged her to visit the armory, even when she was young and too weak to lift a sword.
And this man was saying we were going to the moon in a rocket ship made of metals we hadn't even invented.
But this puts an infinitely worse face on the matter, and suggests, beside, that probably not even the other three succeed in saving their souls, but are perchance bankrupt in a worse sense than they who fail honestly.
Anatole Kuragin's father managed somehow to get his son's affair hushed up, but even he was ordered out of Petersburg.
Princess Mary saw Dessalles' embarrassed and astonished look fixed on her father, noticed his silence, and was struck by the fact that her father had forgotten his son's letter on the drawing-room table; but she was not only afraid to speak of it and ask Dessalles the reason of his confusion and silence, but was afraid even to think about it.
But on the road, the highroad along which the troops marched, there was no such freshness even at night or when the road passed through the forest; the dew was imperceptible on the sandy dust churned up more than six inches deep.
With fifteen thousand men I held the enemy at bay for thirty-five hours and beat him; but he would not hold out even for fourteen hours.
He didn't bring it up again - not even when Jonathan was unable to get his short arm into a comfortable position to play the guitar.
I don't want you to lose anything, but you know I'd want to be with you even if we didn't have a dime to our name.
Then when she learned about Tessa's son, she was furious because he might inherit - even though I hadn't said anything to father.
Even the way she wore her hair, with those braids wrapped around the top of her head like a crown and the long shiny blond curls falling around her shoulders and down her back – she wasn't simply beautiful.
Even so, it was as if a something had been lifted from her chest, allowing the flow of oxygen and blood to a starving brain.
He had been perfectly content to step back and let her bear the brunt of Giddon's anger, even knowing that he had arrived uninvited.
Even she would have had trouble working with something so little, but his big hands dispensed with the job in short order.
It was several more minutes before she was able to take deep breaths – even longer before she was able to utter more than a strangled sound.
She tried her voice once before she managed to speak, and even then the voice didn't sound like her own.
Everyone was so supportive - even her parents, who came up to meet Brandon as soon as they heard the news.
Even at a distance it was obvious that the man was much taller and he rode with a proud kind of grace that her father never possessed.
As they watched, the figures in the dusty heat waves finally became recognizable as cavalry - even to the naked eye.
I like the idea of burying the supplies, but I don't think the Indians would be fooled if we buried everything – even if we could.
Even if he was a Mormon, how could he make plans with this Darcie when he had proposed to her only an hour ago?
I have some horses you can ride and there are several creeks, ponds and even a small lake on the land.
There was an old treadle sewing machine with carved drawers and even a grandfathers' clock, stating the permanent time of three p.m.
All her dresses now fit snugly across the bust, and even her skinny legs were beginning to have some attractive curves.
Scraps from the table coaxed him out even during the daylight hours - but only when she stepped back into the house.
Mary, on the other hand, was vocal about her opinion of Cade, even to the point of stating that he would be the greatest catch of the century - no doubt, even an exaggeration in Mary's mind.
Loving him was no excuse, because even knowing he didn't love her, she still couldn't find the decency to leave.
It was either that or start from scratch but he's not even sure he's a catholic, much less committed to anything.
Howie, ever hyper about the security of our endeavors, forbid our even discussing any interim results by phone, thereby leaving us in the dark.
There are tests I could conduct that would give us direction and maybe some answers but he refuses to even discuss them.
And recognize we have a life, even if it's only by necessity; the bills keep coming and I get hungry once in a while.
I thought he would jump at a chance to devote more time to experimentation even if it wasn't as broad as he wished.
The rest of us waited in nervous anticipation for her Friday arrival, not knowing if we'd even see her when she returned.
Most cases were earlier tips as lately, the authorities were far more cautious with our information; often even denying a tip was involved when an arrest occurred.
The tip covers only a few minutes, like she has to leave quickly, even though there must be more to be learned if she stayed.
The police sometimes don't even hear the entire tip... just enough to lead them in the right direction, and find the person.
If you tell me every little thing you know or even suspect, I'll just drive away and let you walk down the lane to one of those farm houses we passed.
I wouldn't deny one's right to fulfill love, but doing so will have serious consequences on an untold number of lives, even those you're saving.
I knew this conversation deserved more thought on my part but it felt good taking some action, even if it might prove misguided.
Even the trash-can liner newspaper that caused us to be hunted down by reward-sniffing hounds has backed off, terminating their contest.
We could always go back to throw away phones but even those were suspect when our pursuer was a high level government agency.
Okay, it wasn't exactly true love but Howie's a nice guy and I would have let him do it even if he wasn't so generous.
He left the wallet with the body so no one knew the card and papers even existed, much less were stolen.
As she'd never even visited an airport much less flown, frequent traveler Betsy carefully told her the dos and don'ts while she printed her boarding pass.
Now I would muddy the waters even more by contacting Daniel Brennan, another fact I planned to withhold from all but my wife.
I'd not remembered that tidbit when Jackson first questioned me, but even now, I was reluctant to move his inquiry in that direction.
I agreed with my wife but pointed out even though Bryce had tracked us down, I couldn't think of any other slip ups besides Julie's contest that would point to us.
There are four bedrooms, two more than they need and I've peeked in each, even testing the bed in one.
Martha wants me to have the antiques we searched for together all the cranberry glass, the Hobstar crystal, even the Tiffany lamp she so cherished.
But now Quinn's gone too, so Howie couldn't go back even if he got up his courage to do it!
He was willing to personally alert the local police and have them check out the vehicle even without clear cut identification.
Going three thousand miles away sounds like a good idea for you folks, even if it's only for a couple of days.
I even had time to spare for a second cup of coffee before boarding the Acela Express for my five-hour trip to the City of Brotherly Love.
In New Hampshire, I watched as another tried to mimic me and failed while no one even knew I was nearby.
We tried to duplicate our New Hampshire activities; even recording our efforts but fixing the settings proved to be hit and miss.
Bianca held her breath and waited, able to feel the tension between them even with her eyes closed until he spoke again.
Darian lay on his back staring at the ceiling with brooding golden eyes, his horribly scarred body hidden under turtleneck and gloves and socks, even in the safety of his room.
Dusty knew the memory of killing in order to be initiated wasn't something even Bianca could take away from him.
Jonny was safe, even if she hadn't been able to wipe away all traces of the poison in his blood.
She couldn't help wondering about the two of them and why she felt suddenly jealous, even though Jenn could give Dusty something she wasn't willing to.
Even more frustrated, he pulled the food out of the oven and retreated to his office, not caring that he was drenched.
We've got patrols around-- " "Speck doesn't understand that if even a mosquito leaves the town, there's no way we can stop the spread!"
She belonged with him, even if she was second rung to his war against bad guys or even if he was never able to devote himself to any one woman at all.
After a childhood filled with foster homes, she feared getting too comfortable, even in the home of the man who adopted her twelve years ago, when she was ten.
He kicked himself mentally for not thinking before he made any sort of pact with the Watcher, even one that seemed so straightforward, until he met his target and realized she was an innocent caught in the crossfire.
She was even more afraid of what he'd say, if he thought something was wrong with her like everyone else did.
I just found out my father's running around killing people, and you expect me to trust a stranger when I don't even know if I can trust him anymore?
She laughed, a contagious sound, and he saw her effect even on Darian, who had relaxed and sat in a chair nearby.
But there was another reason she dared not leave her father, one she feared voicing even to the man before her.
Just said he wanted it done soon because he wasn't taking any risks, even if she hadn't started transforming yet.
The Guardians knew that betrayal would be confronted by Dusty, and even those loyal to Damian feared him appearing unexpectedly at their door.
Even with all his powers, his armies, his ability to read minds, he didn't know how to make things right with her.
Just when I start to like you … you know, it's amazing even a man who's thousands of years old can act like a twelve-year-old.
While she couldn't shake the sense of doom that followed her from the visions, she felt more normal, less afraid, at the thought that she'd be rejoining the rest of humanity for a shopping trip with the girls, even if only for a morning.
Her arms were crossed, and though she smiled at Lon, Sofia could see her level of comfort was equal to hers among the giants that towered even above a supermodel.
He'd heard it in her thoughts even if she didn't speak the words, and her ability to see through him as he did everyone else amazed him.
His brother wasn't sure of anything or anyone else, even if he did match the faces in his thoughts with those around him.
He adored Sofia, that much was obvious, even if he wasn't really sure where—or who—he was most of the time.
She swallowed hard, willing herself to remember that she was meant for Gabriel, even if it was Darkyn's name on her back.
She gripped the hourglass, a symbol of her hope at leaving, even after learning that there was no real hope.
Darkyn gave her the power to seduce without the knowledge on how to turn off its effects, if it was even possible.
I had to make a choice without knowing what would happen or even if you would be there for me in the morning.
Deidre had no idea what to say and even less of an idea what exactly happened when the deal was over.
She wondered if it was because of the thought of her seducing someone else or because of her triumph at winning his affection, even if he beat her at every other thing.
Maria was a wee bird of a woman—probably a teenager, Hispanic, and even shorter than Cynthia, who barely topped five feet.
Even Bird Song's gilded front sign, advertising the bed and breakfast, had been washed of a year's dust from the unpaved side street.
Paul, who appeared to be the elder brother, was a robust figure who never closed his mouth even while eating.
Nobody knows where the man is and even if he's been in there a long, long time, someone must care about him, or at least maybe did back then, when it happened.
Dean didn't even offer a quip about Fred's tightness with a buck and his moth-eaten purse as the old man called over a waitress to do the duties.
He didn't even prattle on about some alleged personal experiences in a diamond mine in Africa, a search for gold or other such nonsense he was expected to resurrect or invent.

