
Meanwhile the Roman congress was deliberately imitated by an imposing congress at Prague (May ), at which Czech, Polish, Italian, Rumanian, Slovak and Yugoslav delegates attended.
I know, and I guess I was deliberately a little evasive because I wanted you to learn to trust me.
His successors, the Diadochi, carried on his work, but Antiochus Epiphanes was the first who deliberately took in hand to deal with the Jews.
Here was material enough for an explosion, even if personal misunderstandings and aggravations, adding fuel to the fire, had not naturally occurred (or even been deliberately plotted) during the negotiations.
The decennium extending from  to  was the good period of Ivan IV.'s reign, when he deliberately broke away from his disreputable past and surrounded himself with good men of lowly origin.
Julius Thomsen was the first investigator who deliberately adopted the principle of the conservation of energy as the basis of a thermochemical system.
Not only does the correction involve the substitution of papal authority for a universal consent of " pastors " and " the faithful "; it also deliberately ranks the unformulated teachings of the church on points of doctrine as no less de fide than those formulated.
This feeling of confidence found due expression at the diet of , which deliberately passing over the palatine Laszlo Garai elected Hunyadi governor of Hungary, and passed a whole series of popular measures intended to be remedial, e.g.
This centrifugal tendency is most marked in the cases of the more important states, Athens, Sparta, Argos, Corinth, but Greek history is full of examples of small states deliberately sacrificing what must have been obvious commercial advantage for the sake of a precarious autonomy.
The crowd is likely to be less sympathetic towards a team that is deliberately being mean to the other side.
He argued that a single worthless life stood in the way of the regeneration of Russia, and he therefore deliberately removed it.
He was deliberately educated as an apostle, but it was as an apostle of reasoned truth in human affairs, not as an apostle of any system of dogmatic tenets.
These qualities are required all the more because, in order to make any further progress with such an inquiry as we have suggested, we have deliberately to make use of abstraction as an instrument of investigation.
He was indicted for treason by a Virginia grand jury, persistent efforts were made to connect him with the assassination of President Lincoln, he was unjustly charged with having deliberately and wilfully caused the sufferings and deaths of Union prisoners at Andersonville and for two years he was denied trial or bail.
The prince, who had lived on excellent terms with Alexander, died at Naples in February , possibly as the result of excesses in which he had been deliberately encouraged by the pope.
Rome, it is certain, deliberately favoured her ally's unjust claims with the view of keeping Carthage weak, and Massinissa on his part was cunning enough to retain the friendship of the Roman people by helping them with liberal supplies in their wars against Perseus of Macedon and Antiochus.
This act of ordaining ministers, probably after the Genevan order - which they certainly used from May  - and their excommunication of certain deserters from their " church " (so Grindal), clearly mark the fact that this body of some  persons had now deliberately taken up a position outside the national church, as being themselves a " church " in a truer sense than any parish church, inasmuch as they conformed to the primitive pattern.
In the Synoptists, Jesus " grows in favour with God and man," passes through true human experiences and trials, prays alone on the mountain-side, and dies with a cry of desolation; here the Logos' watchword is " I am," He has deliberately to stir up emotion in Himself, never prays for Himself, and in the garden and on the cross shows but power and self-possession.
Its meaning varies (a) according to the various definitions of deity, and especially (b) according as it is (i.) deliberately adopted by a thinker as a description of his own theological standpoint, or (ii.) applied by one set of thinkers to their opponents.
So far as Nestorius himself is concerned, however, it is certain that he never formulated any such doctrine; nor does any recorded utterance of his, however casual, come so near the heresy called by his name as Cyril's deliberately framed third anathema (that regarding the "physical union" of the two hypostases or natures) approaches Eutychianism.
Originally planted on the Baltic shore for the express purpose of christianizing their savage neighbours, these crusading monks had freely exploited the wealth and the valour of the West, ostensibly in the cause of religion, really for the purpose of founding a dominion of their own which, as time went on, lost more and more of its religious character, and was now little more than a German military forepost, extending from Pomerania to the Niemen, which deliberately excluded the Sla y s from the sea and thrived 'Archbishop of Gnesen -.
Thus, according to Jewish tradition, there are eighteen passages in which the older scribes deliberately altered the text on the ground that the language employed was either irreverent or liable to misconception.
Some lizards possess a considerable amount of intelligence; they play with each other, become very tame, and act deliberately according to circumstances.
In other words, a critic may deliberately pronounce that what stands in the text represents what the author wrote or might well have written, that it is doubtful whether it does, that it certainly does not, or, in the last event, that it may be replaced with certainty by something that does.
Seeing that sodium was the only possible reducing agent, he set himself to cheapen its cost, and deliberately rejecting sodium carbonate for the more expensive sodium hydroxide (caustic soda), and replacing carbon by a mixture of iron and carbon - the so-called carbide of iron - he invented the highly scientific method of winning the alkali metal which has remained in existence almost to the present day.
It is almost superfluous to remark, first, that Hume here deliberately gives up his fundamental principle that ideas are but the fainter copies of impressions, for it can never be maintained that order of disposition is an impression, and, secondly, that he fails to offer any explanation of the mode in which coexistence and succession are possible elements, of cognition in a conscious experience made up of isolated presentations and representations.
This does not quite defray the interest on the cost of their construction and equipment, inasmuch as it barely comes to % thereon, but rates and fares are deliberately kept low to encourage settlement and communication.
This reaction was deliberately fostered during Bismarcks later years for internal reasons; for, as Great Britain was looked upon as the home of parliamentary government and Free Trade, a less favorable view might weaken German belief in doctrines and institutions adopted from that country.
The Unionist party in the country had, meanwhile, been recovering from the Tariff Reform divisions of , and was once more solid under Mr Balfour in favor of its new and imperial policy; but the campaign against the House of Lords started by Mr Lloyd George and the Liberal leaders, who put in the forefront the necessity of obtaining statutory guarantees for the passing into law of measures deliberately adopted by the elected Chamber, resulted in the return of Mr Asquiths government to office at the election of January .
At the same time it cannot be broadly said that Christianity took a decisive side in the metaphysical controversy on free-will and necessity; since, just as in Greek philosophy the need of maintaining freedom as the ground of responsibility clashes with the conviction that no one deliberately chooses his own harm, so in Christian ethics it clashes with the attribution of all true human virtue to supernatural grace, as well as with the belief in divine foreknowledge.
They were shrewd enough to guess that the royal triumph might prejudice their influence, and for the next five years they deliberately thwarted the enlightened and far-reaching projects of the king for creating a navy and increasing the revenue without burdening the estates, by a system of tolls levied on the trade of the Baltic ports (see Wladislaus Iv.), even going so far as to refuse for nine years to refund the expenses of the Muscovite War, which he had defrayed out of his privy purse.
No truthful man, however much he may love the bird, will gainsay the depredations on fruit and eggs that it at times commits; but the gardeners and gamekeepers of Britain, instead of taking a few simple steps to guard their charge from injury, deliberately adopt methods of wholesale destruction - methods that in the case of this species are only too easy and too effectual--by proffering temptation to trespass which it is not in jay-nature to resist, and accordingly the bird runs great chance of total extirpation.
There will probably be general agreement as to the wisdom of avoiding taxes which are uncertain and arbitrary, or which involve frequent visits of the tax-gatherer; but so far from there being a general assent in all countries to his maxims as to the expediency of avoiding taxation, which takes more from the tax-payer than what comes into the hands of the government, this is the very characteristic of duties deliberately imposed by most governments for the purpose of interfering with trade, and frequently called for even in the United Kingdom with a similar object.
Oppositional defiant disorder-An emotional and behavioral disorder of children and adolescents characterized by hostile, deliberately argumentative, and defiant behavior towards authority figures that lasts for longer than six months.
A perinatal hospice is like its adult counterpart in that it seeks to give every dying individual a comfortable and dignified death without deliberately prolonging or shortening the his or her natural life.
However, once these hurdles are overcome, the games do not cost anything - in fact, some games which are hosted on CoolMath are deliberately kept down to a level where the creators won't charge for them.
The lines are also not as bold and the style has a higher level of detail than you will find in American traditional tattoos, particularly from tattoos deliberately trying to ape the artwork of a bygone era.
After Wakefield's study was published in the Lancet in , a campaign reeling against vaccines began, and many parents continue to deliberately avoid getting their children vaccinated against preventable diseases.
With this in mind, it should be obvious that deliberately putting extra stress on an already injury-prone joint -- especially for a wrestler -- week after week is asking for trouble.
Slow and steady wins the race - In weightlifting techniques, each repetition should be done slowly and deliberately without any bouncing at the bottom.
Slowly and deliberately, raise one leg towards your chest and then lower it slowly until your foot touches the floor.
The danger to persons so charged was then great, and he deliberately put himself into this same danger for his friends.
To say that the government deliberately adopted the Machiavellian policy of mastering the revolution by setting race against race would be to pay too high a compliment to its capacity.
He gradually departed from the Miirzsteg basis, and in January  deliberately undermined the Austro-Russian agreement by obtaining from the sultan a concession for a railway from the Bosnian frontier through the sanjak of Novibazar to the Turkish terminus at Mitrovitza.
This arrangement seems to have been deliberately made by Schmerling, so as to It is impossible to avoid using the word " Austria " to designate these territories, though it is probably incorrect.
As soon, however, as power was transferred to a parliament, the Germans must inevitably be in a minority, unless the method of election was deliberately arranged so as to give them a majority.
Only twice since  had she been at war with Athens - in  (Tanagra) and , when she deliberately abstained from pushing the advantage which the revolt in Euboea provided; she had refused to help the oligarchs of Samos in .
The inspiring idea of the poem was accepted, purified of all alien material, and realized in artistic shape by Virgil in his national epic. He deliberately imparted to that poem the charm of antique associations by incorporating with it much of the phraseology and sentiment of Ennius.
They can walk perfectly well, and they do so deliberately with the whole body raised a little above the ground.
Of all Darer's works, it is the one in which he most deliberately rivalled the combined splendour and playfulness of certain phases of Italian art.
She was deliberately " running the English course," and she crushed a probable alliance between the great clans of the Gordons and Hamiltons.
Dunbar often, and at times deliberately, recalls the older verse-habit, even in his vigorous shorter poems; and Douglas, in his Palice of Honour and King Hart, and even in his translation of Virgil, is unequivocally medieval.
Even in the deliberately religious and moral work of the more academic poets this seriousness is never more exclusive or oppressive than it is in any other literature of the time.
By the time he reached it, he saw clearly that success was impossible, and deliberately determined to die where he stood.
Each of these feelings was to be deliberately practised, beginning with a single object, and gradually increasing till the whole world was suffused with the feeling."
It was deliberately based upon a monopoly of the trade in spices, and remained from first to last destitute Decline of the true imperial spirit.
New light, however, has been thrown upon the "intellectual" capacity of Crustacea by the proof that the spider-crabs deliberately use changes of raiment to harmonize with their surroundings, donning and doffing various natural objects as we do our manufactured clothes.
Censure might more reasonably be bestowed on him because he deliberately advised a course of action than which nothing can be conceived better calculated to strengthen the hands of an absolute monarch.'
Thus, whereas the popular writer abounds in wide generalizations on the subject of primitive humanity, the expert has hitherto for the most part deliberately restricted himself to departmental investigations.
Many insects and other invertebrates, mostly noxious, have been accidentally naturalized, and some have been deliberately introduced, like the honey-bee, now feral in Australasia and North America, and the humble-bee, imported into New Zealand to effect the fertilization of red clover.
The spread of the European house-fly has been deliberately encouraged in New Zealand, as wherever it penetrates the native flesh-fly, a more objectionable pest, disappears.
This decision was deplored by all parties in the British parliament, but it was recognized that to alter a decision deliberately come to by South African statesmen would wreck the union.
The non-rational man aims at self-preservation, and the wise man will imitate him deliberately, and when he fails he will suffer with equanimity.
But in July  Spain concluded a peace with the French republic from which Portugal, as Great the ally of Great Britain, was deliberately excluded.
A new and disturbing element now entered into Jewish politics in the person of the Idumaean Antipater; who for selfish ends deliberately made mischief between the brothers.
But it must be remembered that in consequence of many scandals which had taken place in the previous war the Articles of War had been deliberately revised so as to leave no punishment save death for the officer of any rank who did not do his utmost against the enemy either in battle or pursuit.
When, therefore, the battle which Keppel fought with the French on the th of July  ended in a highly unsatisfactory manner, owing mainly to his own unintelligent management, but partly through the failure of Sir Hugh Palliser to obey orders, he became convinced that he had been deliberately betrayed.
In the classification of the revenue in English budgets and in official returns these charges are deliberately separated from the above sources of the revenue described as taxes, and classed with "revenue derived from other sources."
In the case of the Neuadd dam this difficulty was met by deliberately omitting the mortar in transverse joints at regular intervals near the top of the dam, except just at their faces, where it of course cracks harmlessly, and by filling the rest with asphalt.
In this we can deliberately resolve upon what is in our power; in that we are subject to the vain impulse of wishing the impossible.
If he pleaded that in  he had been the mere tool of his mother and Mortimer, he could be reminded of the unfortunate fact that in , after he had crushed Mortimer, and taken the power into his own hands, he had deliberately renewed his oath to King Philip.
Henry and his counsellors were determined that there should be no further use made of the name of the lawful Murder of king, and Richard was deliberately murdered by Richard.
But while he was sailing to Flanders his ship was intercepted by some London vessels, which were on the look-out for him, and he was deliberately murdered.
Nor can there be any doubt that the queen took every opportunity of showing her suspicion of him, and deliberately kept him and his friends from sharing in the administration of the realm.
Charles the Bold, whom he had thus deliberately deserted in the middle of their joint campaign, used the strongest language about this mean act of treachery, and with good cause.
But English laymen, though asked to supply the money which he needed for the support of his army, deliberately kept it in their pockets, and the contributions of the clergy and of official persons were not sufficient to enable him to keep his troops long in the field.
The distress inevitable in connection with such an industrial revolution was increased by the immense burden of the war and by the high protective policy of the parliament, which restricted trade and deliberately increased the price of food in the interests of the agricultural classes.
The position of such glands on the lower portions of the limbs is plainly favourable to a recognitiontaint being left in the tracks of terrestrial animals; and antelopes have been observed deliberately to rub the secretion from their face-glands on tree-trunks.
In this process the older Bel was deliberately set aside, and the climax was reached when the conquest of the monster Tiamat, symbolizing the chaos prevailing in primeval days, was ascribed to Marduk instead of, as in the older form of the epic, to Bel.
Knowing the slight foundation of its power the government deliberately sought to destroy all whose birth, political connexions or past career might mark them out as leaders of opposition.
Both accept the paradox in the qualified sense that no one can deliberately act contrary to what appears to him good, and that perfect virtue is inseparably bound up with perfect wisdom or moral insight.
By the pagan philosophers it was always conceived under the form of Knowledge or Wisdom, it being inconceivable to all the schools sprung from Socrates that a man could truly know his own good and yet deliberately choose anything else.
Like his contemporaries, Stephen of Hungary and Canute of Denmark, Boleslaus recognized from the first the essential superiority of Christianity over every other form of religion, and he deserves with them the name of "Great" because he deliberately associated himself with the new faith.
For this war he was alone responsible; he undertook it deliberately p Y as the only means of securing Prussian ascendancy in Germany.
Explicit promises were given, in some instances, that there would be no danger to those who opened their shops, but they were deliberately broken.
Striding back to the kitchen, he deliberately removed the caduceus magnet and centered the picture on the refrigerator door â€“ eye level.
Because Freud deliberately refrains from both these popular options, he has always come under fire from both sides of the equation.
In those days it was a place of work with small colliers beaching themselves (deliberately) as the tide ebbed to off-load coal.
The above scholar's comment shows that it was deliberately expunged from the recitation due to it being in conflict with the Uthmanic text.
Such behavior will usually be deliberately hurtful, repeated over a period of time and the victim will have difficulty defending themselves.
There is no greater crime in the cosmos than to deliberately indoctrinate young trusting minds with false teachings for selfish ends.
As a result of their failings, deliberately inflammatory comments will only cloud a problem which is on its way to being resolved.
The groups do not have a membership and are deliberately informal, driven by those who attend, rather than the project workers.
Study Skills In our experience the majority of students who get accused of plagiarism have not committed academic malpractice deliberately.
For example, there is a developing phenomenon of deliberately misspelled names being registered either as trademarks or as domain names.
The overall design concept and configuration (with various color schemes on the fairing components and front wheel mudguard) deliberately enhances this image.
Could he not have claimed that the opposing player leaped at his fist and deliberately smashed his face into Johnson's knuckles.
Fire crews attended to find that an external gas pipe had been deliberately tampered with and escaping gas set alight.
Simon and Debbie deliberately chose a quiet pub away from the village for their afternoon tryst... and so did Tommy and Kirsty.
The Rozi was a  meter harbor tug deliberately sunk in  as an attraction for the operators of glass-bottomed boats.
They're functional and so deliberately unfussy and anonymous that even tho they're intended go unnoticed, they end up drawing attention.
If you find such visualizations unnatural or difficult, then your spiritual healing efforts can involve you deliberately holding neutral thoughts about crime.
The genealogies, charts, maps, languages, and deliberately convoluted historical notes do not exist in order to lend verisimilitude to Middle-earth.
During the investigation a French Protestant watchmaker, Robert Hubert, confessed to having deliberately started the fire at the bakery with  conspirators.
He teaches (whether suggestively, metaphorically or deliberately), pre-existence' as well as survival; perhaps he is moved to this by non-Greek influences.
Recognizing that their only chance of competing with Europeans was to fight them with their own weapons, the Japanese set themselves deliberately to assimilate the material civilization and to some extent the institutions of Europe, such as constitutional government.
Dugald Stewart, however, deliberately .emphasizes the merely qualitative nature of our knowledge as the foundation of philosophical argument, and thus paves the way for the thoroughgoing philosophy of nescience elaborated by Hamilton.
No economist would deliberately make that assumption now unless he were dealing with some purely theoretical problem, for the solution of which it was legitimate at some stage in the reasoning.
In  the Danubian principalities, deliberately left separate by the Congress of Paris, carried out their long-cherished design of union by electing Prince Cuza both in Moldavia and in Walachia, a contingency which the powers had not taken into account, and to which in the end they gave a grudging assent (see Rumania).
It has been suggested that he deliberately eschewed chiaroscuro because his pictures, destined invariably to hang in an alcove, were required to be equally effective from every aspect and had also to form part of a decorative scheme.
Gowland has shown that, whatever may have been the practice of Japanese bronze makers in ancient and medieval eras, their successors in later days deliberately introduced arsenic and antimony into the compound in order to harden the bronze without impairing its fusibility, so that it might take a sharper impression of the mould.
In the first place, what we are accustomed to call higher religions deliberately attach greater sanctity to aniconic gods than to iconic ones, and that from no artistic incapacity.
Thus, in the English " Backslang," which is nothing more than ordinary English deliberately inverted, in the similar Arabic jargon used among school children in Syria and in the Spanish thieves' dialect, the principles of inversion and substitution play the chief part.
It is a common terminology to call premature labour of an accidental type a "miscarriage," in order to distinguish "abortion" as a deliberately induced act, whether as a medical necessity by the accoucheur, or as a criminal proceeding (see Medical Jurisprudence); otherwise the term "abortion" would ordinarily be used when occurring before the eighth month of gestation, and "premature labour" subsequently.
The Gurkhas, a brave and warlike little nation, failing to extend their conquests in the direction of China, had begun to encroach on territories held or protected by the East India Company; especially they had seized the districts of Batwal and Seoraj, in the northern part of Oudh, and when called upon to relinquish these, they deliberately elected (April ) to go to war rather than do so.
Thebes and Ammon and the traditions of the Empire savoured too much now of the Ethiopian; the priests of the Memphite and Deltaic dynasty thereupon turned deliberately for their models to the times of the ancient supremacy of Memphis, and the sculptures and texts on tomb and temple had to conform as closely as possible to those of the Old Kingdom.
The former deliberately neglects the possibilities of a political solution to the problem; the latter does not recognize the existence of the problem.
I ca n't help feeling that these people have been put in place in order to deliberately sabotage the country.
Could he not have claimed that the opposing player leaped at his fist and deliberately smashed his face into Johnson 's knuckles.
However, it does not change his view that the Israelis have deliberately used their huge army to continually subjugate the Palestinians.
A judge found BAT 's Australian subsidiary had " deliberately obliterated " documents, depriving her of the right to a fair trial.
Some teenagers with epilepsy may become lazy or deliberately not take their pills as an act of rebellion against their parents over involvement.
They 're functional and so deliberately unfussy and anonymous that even tho they 're intended go unnoticed, they end up drawing attention.
It is believed that the band deliberately left their beds unmade and a discarded pan drop was found stuck to the shagpile.
You don't want your spouse deliberately running up debt with the knowledge that you are responsible for half of the amount.
As mentioned previously, the shade I'm working with is called bone and I've deliberately chosen this color because it works well with my honey-beige skin tone without looking garish.
This doesn't mean that they are deliberately lying to you, but human error occurs in every occupation, even the unusual ones.
Old Navy commercials catch the consumer's attention because they are deliberately cheesy, but also colorful, tasteful, and most importantly, memorable.
Leggings can also be worn under deliberately short summer skirts, thus making the item appropriate for the fall and winter seasons.
Leave a voicemail message where you deliberately omit every other word and act like the message is important, but not "life threatening."
The development of the pincer grip-the ability to hold objects between the thumb and index finger-gives the infant a more sophisticated ability to grasp and manipulate objects and also to deliberately drop them.
Some children harm themselves deliberately by self-cutting or self-hitting, while others hurt themselves unintentionally by touching or handling lighted matches, razor blades, or other dangerous objects.
Parents who suspect that their child may be deliberately hurting themselves or falsifying symptoms should contact their pediatrician immediately for assessment.
It is not abnormal or excessive unless it is deliberately done in public places after age five or six, when most children learn discretion and masturbate only in private.
Some people, especially teens, prefer the deliberately messy bed head hair style that could be bad in a more professional context.
While only children were once a rarity, many couples are now deliberately choosing to limit the size of their families.
However, taking the time to ask these questions deliberately, with intent, can be a way for you to see a side of your boyfriend that you might not expect to see.
There is a difference between tolerating a partner’s cheating and deliberately creating a relationship in which everyone’s needs are considered.
The ornamental objects will be placed deliberately and more evenly than assembly line items; therefore, the overall appearance of your handbag will be much improved.
While neurotypical children acquire the skill of identifying emotions, children with autism may have to learn this skill deliberately, as they would math.
Whereas the earlier conquests were mostly the results of large half-conscious national movements working out their destinies in the East, these later ones were annexations deliberately planned by European cabinets.
There was scarcely an attempt to copy the policy, deliberately adopted in Cape Colony, of educating and civilizing the black man.
The battle of Langensalza (June th) showed that the risks Moltke deliberately accepted when he transferred so many of the western troops to the Bohemian frontier were by no means imaginary, for v.
In a speech at Stirling on the rd of November, Sir Henry appeared to him to have deliberately flouted his well-known susceptibilities by once more writing Home Rule in large letters on the party programme, and he declared at Bodmin that he would "never serve under that banner."
It is not to be inferred that the writers of Japan, enamoured as they were of Chinese ideographs and Chinese style, deliberately excluded everything Chinese from the realm of poetry.
Plutarch (Pericles, II) suggests that Pericles by this means rid the city of the idle and mischievous loafers; but it would appear that the cleruchs were selected by lot, and in any case a wise policy would not deliberately entrust important military duties to recognized wastrels.
He deliberately chose the difficult route over the French Alps because he recognized that his opponents would neither expect him by this route nor be able to concert combined operations in time to thwart him.
They adopted the plan - deliberately rejected by the translators of  - of always using the same English word for the same Greek word.
The path was fairly open before him to the highest advancement in the Church of Rome, yet he deliberately sacrificed all such hopes and placed himself in the van of a hard and doubtful struggle" (The Guardian, , p. ).
He deliberately sacrificed many of the social privileges of a university career in order that his studies might be more continuous and that he might see more of the younger men.
It seems to have been the first great popular effort ever made deliberately by a representative body of the middle class of a nation for the promotion of international friendship without the aid of diplomacy and without official assistance or even countenance of any kind.
On the th of April  the chief men of the tsardom were assembled round his wooden hut at Preobrazhenskoye, and Peter with his own hand deliberately clipped off the beards and moustaches of his chief boyars.
The whole system of Peter was deliberately directed against the chief evils from which old Muscovy had always suffered, such as dissipation of energy, dislike of co-operation, absence of responsibility, lack of initiative, the tyranny of the family, the insignificance of the individual.
Thus slowly, but yet deliberately, between  and , a transformation took place in Leo's spirit and policy, and with Leo XIII.
When (c. ) Basil formed his monastery in the neighbourhood of Neocaesarea in Pontus, he deliberately set himself against these tendencies.
So enraged was he with his brother Henry's acceptance of a cardinal's hat in July , that he deliberately broke off communication with his father in Rome (who had approved the step), nor did he ever see him again.
In view of the many evidences of the linguistic character of Sumerian as opposed to the one fact that the language had engrafted upon it a great number of evident Semitisms, the opinion of the present writer is that the Sumerian, as we have it, is fundamentally an agglutinative, almost polysynthetic, language, upon which a more or less deliberately constructed pot-pourri of Semitic inventions was superimposed in the course of many centuries of accretion under Semitic influences.
The minister sent in his resignation, which was accepted, and this practice, which had been deliberately revived during the last ten years, was thereby publicly disavowed.
This feeling was deliberately fostered by publicists and historians, and was intensified by commercial rivalry, since in the struggle for colonial expansion and trade Germans naturally came to look on Great Britain, who held the field, as their rival.
An example of this occurs at the outset in the assertion that Moawiya deliberately refrained from marching to the help of Othman, and indeed that it was with secret joy that he heard of the fatal result of the plot.
So far from attempting to raise their standard of spiritual life, or even leaving it to ordinary intercourse to gradually bring about a certain community of intellectual culture and religious sentiment, they deliberately set up artificial barriers in order to prevent their own traditional modes of worship from being contaminated with the obnoxious practices of the servile race.
In , however, Seneca found a powerful ally in Nero's passion for the beautiful freedwoman Acte, a passion which he deliberately encouraged.
It deliberately has no relocatable data, all " pointers " are represented as byte offsets into the section or as absolute numbers.
Next bit of preamble Well my deliberately provocative preamble got a bit of a response, which isn't bad for a Sunday.
The basic differences result from the type of cut at the waist and leg, with some styles deliberately designed to conceal panty lines under clothing.
The seeds are harvested from various grasses, especially from Aristida oligantha, a species known as " ant rice," which often grows in quantity close to the site selected for the nest, but the statement that the ants deliberately sow this grass is an error, due, according to Wheeler, to the sprouting of germinating seeds.
After ravaging the land, his own land, like a wild beast, he entered the city on the th of January , and for the next five weeks, systematically and deliberately; day after day, massacred batches of every class of the population.
His character was hardening, and he deliberately adopted the most barbarous expedients for converting the Augustan Poles to his views.
Thus, at the very time when the modernization of the means of national defence had become the first principle, in every other part of Europe, of the strongly centralized monarchies which were rising on the ruins of feudalism, the Hungarian magnates deliberately plunged their country back into the chaos of medievalism.
He believed, or at least suspected, that Miss Sullivan and I had deliberately stolen the bright thoughts of another and imposed them on him to win his admiration.
Probably I should not consciously and deliberately forsake my particular calling to do the good which society demands of me, to save the universe from annihilation; and I believe that a like but infinitely greater steadfastness elsewhere is all that now preserves it.
I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.
Let us spend one day as deliberately as Nature, and not be thrown off the track by every nutshell and mosquito's wing that falls on the rails.
Though the performance was proceeding, he walked deliberately down the carpeted gangway, his sword and spurs slightly jingling and his handsome perfumed head held high.
Refusing to be crowned, or even to take the usual oaths of observance, he simply announced his accession to the Hungarian counties, and then deliberately proceeded to break down all the ancient Magyar institutions.
The Boer leaders definitely decided upon a guerrilla and a wearing policy, deliberately dispersed their field army, and then swelled and multiplied the innumerable local commandos.
Still greater was the influence of Geoffrey upon those writers who, like Warner in Albion's England (), and Drayton in Polyolbion (), deliberately made their accounts of English history as poetical as possible.
Miss Keller does not as a rule read very fast, but she reads deliberately, not so much because she feels the words less quickly than we see then, as because it is one of her habits of mind to do things thoroughly and well.
Striding back to the kitchen, he deliberately removed the caduceus magnet and centered the picture on the refrigerator door – eye level.
That the encouragement of the Slav aspirations was soon deliberately adopted as a weapon against the Hungarian government was due, partly to the speedy predominance at Pest of Kossuth and the extreme party of which he was the mouthpiece, but mainly to the calculated policy of Baron Jellachich, who on the th of April was appointed ban of Croatia.
As Scottish historian Thomas Carlyle once observed, "Man seldom, or rather never for a length of time and deliberately, rebels against anything that does not deserve rebelling against."
One might have expected to find YouTube making its cameo in the earlier "communication" section, but I deliberately moved it here.
She lifted a stack of papers and straightened them with a sharp rap on her mahogany desktop, deliberately ignoring his empty invitation.
She made her way deliberately across the field littered with traps and pits until she reached the small entrance and the waiting guards.
The latter were no doubt deliberately exaggerated, and yet a comparison between the head of Fox in Sayer's plate "Carlo Khan's triumphal entry into Leadenhall," and in Abbot's portrait, shows that the caricaturist did not depart from the original.
So long as the Law was not deliberately outraged and so long as the worship was established, most of the religious leaders of the Jews were content to wait.
This may be so; but it would be strange if a writer who could say," in much wisdom is much grief,"should deliberately laud wisdom.
Against the often iterated accusation of immorality, it should be remembered that the Letters reflected the morality of the age, and that their author only systematized and reduced to writing the principles of conduct by which, deliberately or unconsciously, the best and the worst of his contemporaries were governed.
