
The custom of offering a beautifully woven peplus at the Panathenaic festival is connected with her character as Ergane the goddess of industry.'
Many of the dreams that had delighted my young inexperience became beautifully less and "faded into the light of common day."
There abound "beautifully laid out gardens, public and private, and solidly constructed roads, some of them bordered with bamboos and other delicately-fronded trees, and fringed with the luxuriant growth of semi-tropical vegetation."
The upper part of the tower is ornamented with green and blue tiles and the entrance arch is beautifully carved.
There are several species of palms, flowering trees, trees with beautifully coloured foliage, tree ferns, resinous trees and trees bearing tropical fruits.
Celts, of the usual late neolithic type, were generally of green jasper; hoe-blades (looking almost exactly like palaeolithic haches a main) of chert or coarse limestone; hammers of granite; mace-heads, of identical type with the early Egyptian, of diorite and limestone; nails of obsidian or smoky quartz, often beautifully made.
Tipperary, Ireland, in the south parliamentary division, beautifully situated on the river Suir at the foot of the Galtee Mountains.
The resin contains, in addition to the beautifully preserved plant-structures, numerous remains of insects, spiders, annelids, crustaceans and other small organisms which became enveloped while the exudation was fluid.
In the various reactions of the tissues against the exciting cause of the injury we see a striking example of a beautifully organized plan of attack and defence on the part of the organism.
Our cottage was a sort of rough camp, beautifully situated on the top of the mountain among oaks and pines.
I have in my mind's eye the western, indented with deep bays, the bolder northern, and the beautifully scalloped southern shore, where successive capes overlap each other and suggest unexplored coves between.
In the time of Bach such writing was beautifully suited to enliven the dry glitter of the harpsichord, and Bach's duets for clavier and violin seem to have been sometimes played as trios with a violoncello playing from the clavier bass.
The effect of these is beautifully illustrated by a model consisting of a number of little compass needles pivoted on sharp points and grouped near to one another upon a board, which is placed inside a large magnetizing coil.
Coutances is beautifully situated on the right bank of the Soulle on a granitic eminence crowned by the celebrated cathedral of Notre-Dame.
On the Thursday before Easter a special church service is celebrated, and the wells are beautifully ornamented with flowers, prayers being offered at each.
The considerable village of Grasmere lies beautifully at the head of the lake of that name; and above Esthwaite is the small town of Hawkshead, with an ancient church, and picturesque houses curiously built on the hill-slope and sometimes spanning the streets.
The great thing about choosing colors for an old-world Tuscan kitchen is that because they all come from nature they will all complement each other beautifully.
The lack of grain in the wood will show off the paint beautifully, while making a statement in the space.
While a dark red eye shadow isn't the most universally flattering shade, the following maroon eye makeup tips will help you wear this bold color choice beautifully!
Needless to say, it's helpful to have some high cheekbones of your own if you really want to look the part of Cher, but the right colors and technique will help you fake it beautifully.
It wasn't my favorite of the bunch by any stretch, but it's a wearable fragrance that resounds beautifully with the cooler months of the year.
The eye shadow and contour brushes pack the color on beautifully and evenly, while the blush, powder and fan brushes never leave stray hairs behind (a personal pet peeve that I can't stand).
The key to applying your eye makeup beautifully is to practice often, try out a number of different techniques and to take your time.
While homecoming dances may have become more casual, proms usually still find beautifully clad teenage girls sporting corsages, and most prefer the prom look wrist corsage.
I put on an extra coat of clear nail polish to make sure that my beautifully manicured fingernails would be flawless when I walked down the aisle and my dear sister was constantly checking on me to see if I was really okay.
But you can beautifully blend two styles in one space as a unique way to pay tribute to both as individuals and make the event unforgettable to guests.
Wedding tiaras or combs with black accents, black bases, or black stones can beautifully offset any color hair on your wedding day.
For brides with dark or black hair, tiaras and combs with black bases will blend into the hairstyle itself, allowing the details of the tiara or the accents of the comb to stand out beautifully.
If you're having a daytime wedding on the beach, they will pick up the colors of the surroundings beautifully, and emphasize the serenity of the scene.
A red sash or subtle blue beading is beautifully traditional, but different colored wedding dresses should really break the common mold.
Take the time to really add a distinct sense of style to your wedding programs, working these two beautifully complimentary colors into the design, and your guests will be impressed with the results.
While sending out several different types of wedding invitation cards is usually out of the question (not to mention economically unwise), you can rest assured that the style you do end up using will really reflect the theme beautifully.
In a package, the types of blooms and flower colors will be beautifully coordinated, and many times a pre-arranged package will have a cheaper cost than choosing flower arrangements individually.
Choosing the right wedding flowers package gives the bride and groom an easy, convenient way to ensure all their flowers coordinate beautifully.
Whether you're getting married in a beautifully manicured public garden, in your own backyard, or you just want to incorporate the theme into your day, consider these ideas and tips for making a garden wedding theme work for you.
Additionally, the fibers are quite absorbent, and the fabrics dye beautifully, retaining deep, rich colors that do not fade over time.
The black and white stripes of the comforter or duvet can work beautifully with the rich black of the sheets.
In addition to curtains, the company also has a line of decorative curtain rods that coordinate beautifully with the drapery panels and sheer curtains.
It's easy to find pictures of beautifully decorated Easter cakes with rabbit designs, but locating clear, step-by-step directions for an Easter bunny cake can be a bit of a challenge.
Millions of people across the globe surfed in to see this middle-aged woman, whose appearance can be described as plain, sing so beautifully.
But her prices are still comparable to many good children's clothes, so you support an individual enterprise and dress your child beautifully - a rite of spring everyone can embrace.
This toddler's navy toggle coat is a nice option for boys, or this Ralph Lauren navy blue toggle coat is a beautifully classic jacket (with an admittedly impressive price tag).
Customers rave that the dresses are made of a fine fabric, beautifully sewn and the ordering and tailoring is a breeze.
Now that you've stocked up on African dresses for children, you won't have to worry about casual clothes for a season or two-and your kid will be dressed beautifully.
Its foliage is beautifully varied in outline, and it should be planted in the rougher parts of the wild garden, and left to itself, as nothing seems to interfere with its rapid growth.
The flowers are borne on stout stalks, which vary in length with the depth of the water, and are beautifully fringed and suffused with pink.
Calopogon - C. pulchellus is a beautiful hardy Orchid suitable for boggy ground, the flowers pink,  inch in diameter, in clusters of two to six upon a stem, beautifully bearded with white, yellow, and purple hairs.
Iris Korolkowi - Of this the leaves are tall, narrow, and upright, the scape, which is about  foot or so high, bearing two large flowers of delicate shades of grey and brown, and beautifully veined.
Siberian Flag (Iris Sibirica) - A slender plant,  or  feet high, with narrow grassy leaves, and in summer somewhat small showy blue flowers, beautifully veined with white and violet.
Iris Variegata - A handsome Flag of the Germanica group,  to  feet high, with large, slightly fragrant flowers, having bright yellow standards and claret-red falls beautifully veined.
All are handsome, with broad beautifully arching fronds, which are especially ornamental if seen a little above the level of the eye.
Oftentimes people associate gospel music with church organs and full choirs, but what many music fans don't realize is that gospel music can be played beautifully on the guitar.
However, like many things in life, changing your strings is a necessary evil, and your guitar will sound and play beautifully again once you get your fresh new strings in place.
The Sierra Copper Kitchen Double Sink from QualityBath.com has a dark copper finish, which will pair beautifully with darker or cherry-stained woods.
Despite its being termed costume or "junk" jewelry, vintage pieces are still costly, as they beautifully emulate the innovation and attention to detail of their designer.
Gem stones are often included in the jewelry, and due to the versatile gold coloring, a wide range of gems work beautifully.
The intricate weaving in Celtic jewelry is beautifully expressed in gem Celtic earrings with loops and twists of metal twining around sparkling gemstones.
The rhinestone earrings she had on were fine, but the rubies gave a pop of color that complimented the outfit beautifully.
Most saw-fly larvae devour leaves, and the beautifully serrate processes of the ovipositor are well adapted for egg-laying in plant tissues.
The nest is a beautifully neat structure, often placed at no great height from the ground, but generally so well hidden by the leafy bough on which it is built as not to be easily found, until, the young being hatched, the constant visits of the parents reveal its site.
The princely ch‚teau, now the property of the crown prince of Prussia, dating from  and beautifully restored in -, contains a good library and a collection of pictures.
This bird is still more beautifully coloured than the chaffinch - especially in summer, when, the brown edges of the feathers being shed, it presents a rich combination of black, white and orange.
The young when freshly hatched are beautifully clothed in down of a dark maroon, variegated with black, white and buff.
Not a winter passes without its appearing in some numbers, when its uncommon aspect, its large size, and beautifully pencilled plumage cause it to be regarded as a great prize by the lucky gun-bearer to whom it falls a victim.
Fishes were abundant, many of the smaller ganoids are beautifully preserved in an entire condition, other larger forms are represented by fin spines, teeth and bones; Ctenodus, Uronemus, Acanthodes, Cheirodus, Gyracanthus are characteristic genera.
The first variety inhabit the Himalayas and are beautifully covered with a deep soft fur quite long compared to the flat harsh hair of the Bengal sort.
The skins are invariably tanned and beautifully sewn, the furs are generally flat in quality and not very strong in the hair, and are retained more as curiosities than for use as a warm covering.
The church of Our Lady (Frauenkirche) is a fine Gothic building of the th century, and has a beautifully sculptured doorway and a lattice spire  ft.
The phosphorescence produced by friction has been known since the time of Robert Boyle (); the diamond becomes luminous in a dark room after exposure to sunlight or in the presence of radium; and many stones phosphoresce beautifully (generally with a pale green light) when subjected to the electric discharge in a vacuum tube.
He shows advance in every direction, and by the end of the later Neolithic period he is master of the arts of pottery and spinning, is engaged in agricultural pursuits, owns domestic animals, and makes weapons and tools of fine shape, either ground and polished or beautifully chipped.
The Dominican church is approached by a sloping flagged lane, having on one side a beautifully ornamented balustrade of the th century.
Cedar wood was brought from the forests of Lebanon, ivory, leopard skins and gold from the south, all kinds of spices and ingredients of incense from Somaliland and Arabia, fine linen and beautifully worked vessels from Syria and the islands.
He was beautifully loyal to his mother and his sister Wilhelmina; his letters to the duchess of Gotha are full of a certain tender reverence; the two Keiths found him a devoted friend.
He carried the humour and sub-acidity of discrimination which marked his criticism of fellow folk-lorists into the discussion of purely literary subjects in his Books and Bookmen (), Letters to Dead Authors (), Letters on Literature (), &c. His Blue Fairy Tale Book (), beautifully produced and illustrated, was followed annually at Christmas by a book of fairy tales and romances drawn from many sources.
It is beautifully situated at the junction of the rivers Teme and Corve, upon and about a wooded eminence crowned by a massive ruined castle.
The most striking represents the burial of Christ and is sheltered by a stone structure, the front of which is beautifully carved.
Some of their mats are very beautifully made, and in some islands they are the most valuable property the people possess.
In the interior, which contains beautifully carved stalls, a choir-screen in the flamboyant style and many other works of art, the most striking features are the height of the nave and the boldness of the columns supporting the vaulting.
St Mary's church, with a beautifully carved roof, was erected in the earlier part of the th century, and contains the tomb of Mary Tudor, queen of Louis XII.
A pair of stocks was then shown beautifully cut in the rock, where no stocks appeared in the plan of ; with a crude painting suspended on the wall above, blasphemously representing the Messiah confined in them!
There may also be mentioned  cuckoos, I cockatoo,  parrots and parakeets,  woodpeckers, barbets, broadbills, starlings, orioles, weaver-finches, larks, nuthatches,  beautifully coloured sun-birds, and  flower-peckers, titmice, shrikes, swallow-shrikes, tailor-birds, thrushes, fruit-thrushes, fairy blue-birds, fire-birds,  fly-catchers,  swallows, and  species of most beautifully coloured ant-thrushes, as well as a large number of birds for which English names cannot be readily supplied.
It is beautifully situated on the west bank and near the mouth of the river Dart, which here forms an almost land-locked estuary.
The French porcelaine, from which the word comes into English, is an adaptation of the Italian porcellana, a cowrie-shell, the beautifully polished surface of which caused the name to be applied to the ware.
Among the churches mention must be made of the Zuiderkerk, or South church, with a conspicuous tower (-); and the Westerkerk, or West church, which possesses a beautifully carved Renaissance screen and pulpit of the middle of the th century, and a quaint wooden bell-house () built for use before the completion of the bell-tower.
At first sight this singular structure appears so like a deformity that writers have not been wanting to account it such,  ignorant of its being a piece of mechanism most beautifully adapted to the habits of the bird, enabling it to extract with the greatest ease, from fir-cones or fleshy fruits, the seeds which form its usual and almost invariable food.
The manor house or palace of the bishops of London stands in grounds, beautifully planted and surrounded by a moat, believed to be a Danish work, near the river west of Putney Bridge.
The old palace with beautifully decorated courts in fair repair, built by Mohammed XVII., is a prominent object above the town, and there are many interesting buildings and ruins.
The last three places, all beautifully situated - the first at the base of Pike's Peak, the second in the Clear Creek Canyon, and the third at the junction of the Roaring Fork with the Grand river - have an especially high repute.
It is beautifully situated on the wooded shore of the Tamar estuary, on the lower part of which lies the great port and naval station of Plymouth.
The groundcolour of the upper and outer parts of the head, body, limbs and tail is bright rufous fawn; and these parts are beautifully marked with transverse stripes of a dark, almost black colour.
The Buxton Gardens are beautifully laid out, with ornamental waters, a fine opera-house, pavilion and concert hall, theatre and reading rooms. Electric lighting has been introduced, and there is an excellent golf course.
Beginning with earthenware which twenty years later was improved into "opaque china," it produced from  to  superior porcelain which was beautifully decorated with landscapes, birds, butterflies and flowers and is much prized by connoisseurs.
The fruit is ripe in or shortly before the first week in October, when it falls to the ground, and the three-valved thorny capsule divides, disclosing the brown and at first beautifully glossy seeds, the so-called nuts, having a resemblance to sweet chestnuts, and commonly three or else two in number.
The ruins, beautifully placed on the bank of the river, embody a cruciform church, transitional Norman in style, and exhibiting the carving of the period in its highest development.
Certain crystals from Cumberland are beautifully fluorescent, appearing purple with a bluish internal haziness by reflected light, and greenish by transmitted light.
Crystallized haematite, such as that from the iron-mines of Elba, presents a steel-grey or ironblack colour, with a brilliant metallic lustre, sometimes beautifully iridescent.
It is beautifully situated on a bay of Lake Molar, which is here connected with the Baltic by the SOdertelge canal, ri m.
St Finbar's cemetery has handsome monuments, and St Joseph's, founded by Father Mathew in  on the site of the old botanic gardens of the Cork Institution, is beautifully planted.
The church of St Wendreda, in Early English and later styles, is remarkable for a magnificent Perpendicular timber roof, beautifully carved.
The anterior wings, when present, are always small; but the posterior wings are sometimes of large size and very beautifully coloured.
A thoroughly healthy, well-balanced, harmonious nature, accepting life as it came, with all its joys and sorrows, and living it beautifully and hopefully, without canker and without uncharity.
In the vicinity of the town are Egglestone Abbey, beautifully situated on the Yorkshire bank of the river, Rokeby Park on the same bank, at the confluence of the Greta, and the massive th century castle of Raby to the north-east.
It is beautifully situated at the mouth of the romantic Helenenthal, on the banks of the Schwechat river, and has become the principal summer resort of the inhabitants of the neighbouring capital.
They stand near the right bank of the upper Wharfe, the valley of which is beautifully wooded and closely enclosed by hills.
The walls of the old town have given place to a broad boulevard and several open commons, beautifully laid out.
The public portion of the buildings comprise an ornamental and lofty pavilion with entrances on each side, and a high-domed octagonal room in the centre, beautifully fitted and appointed, where public receptions take place.
The lessened ravages of prairie fires have facilitated artificial afforesting, and many cities, in particular, are abundantly and beautifully shaded.
The ruins of this, beautifully situated in a wooded valley, are extensive, and mainly of fine transitional Norman and Early English date, acquiring additional picturesqueness from the warm colour of the red sandstone of which they are built.
It is beautifully situated in the midst of green wooded hills, and still justifies Madame de Stael's description of it as "a basket of flowers."
The village, which is beautifully situated, contains several handsome stone villas occupied by families attracted to the town by its educational facilities.
Airthrey Castle, standing in a fine park with a lake, adjoins the town on the south-east, and just beyond it are the old church and burying-ground of Logie, beautifully situated at the foot of a granite spur of the Ochil range.
Aubenas is beautifully situated on the slope of a hill, on the right bank of the Ardeche, but its streets generally are crooked and narrow.
It's a bit like the old health promotion adage about having a beautifully equipped ambulance at the bottom of the cliff.
Their unique product range includes stunning chandeliers, luxurious cushions and giftware to crisp cotton bed linen and beautifully hand crafted cabinet furniture.
Each has ten beautifully decorated bedrooms which are specially designed to cater for the needs of babies, children or adolescents.
The first overall award presented was a beautifully polished walking stick for the oldest bowman which went to George Webb of Purple Haze.
Featuring quality posts and a sturdy ladder this versatile bunk has beautifully turned posts and spindles finished in quality pine to produce a.. .
This was beautifully illustrated at a private conversazione at my house lately, in the presence of several medical and other eminently scientific gentlemen.
Clean aerodynamics The distinctive front cowling is beautifully sculptured around the radiator with its chrome surround and incorporates built-in direction indicators.
Gray leaved plants like Santolina, lavender and Artemesia contrast beautifully with bright blue delphiniums and purple and white hardy geraniums.
They age beautifully, work harmoniously together and the indigo dye, which creates all the ranges of blue, even preserves the wool.
Without speaking out of school I do think that the GFDL isn't as beautifully elegant and well designed a license as the GPL.
If battles are not your scene, then upstairs are some beautifully carved figureheads, which have probably seen a great many oceans.
Indulge yourself in the heart of Italian gastronomy in Bologna, a beautifully preserved medieval city laced with porticoes, piazzas and palaces.
Louise dances beautifully around the stage, she is a very graceful mover; surely a legacy of her Arts Ed training.
Fans of Alex Raymond, Mac Raboy, or Wally Wood should not miss this beautifully bound hardcover, the second Magnus archival collection.
Have your favorite piece of music beautifully arranged, or choose from our extensive repertoire of classical, jazz, pop or rock music.
The lid and lid flap have large elaborate brass strap hinges which are beautifully set off by the dark walnut veneer.
Above, on the roof of the hall is a beautifully carved wooden louver, with nine golden vanes supported by beasts.
Grounds - two acres of beautifully maintained lawned grounds where you can picnic, play ball games and let the children run free.
Sadly, I was not on the set for Hush, because it was just beautifully shot and just masterful from everyone involved.
The ferrule is formed from cupro nickel to resist hard knocks and balanced with a in beech handle, beautifully finished in black.
A set of beautifully ornate iron gates separates the East wing from the nave, built by William Edney in .
We have always adored the Dutch and Flemish master painters who pictured still life food so beautifully and so realistically.
Children will love feeding the pelican with the beautifully made plush sea creatures including a shrimp, octopus, crab and fish.
The baby advanced well and Jane beautifully birthed her  lb  oz baby girl into my arms with an intact perineum.
Beautifully made out of mm plywood, it is available in two sizes. features a ramp for your rabbits easy access to ground level.
Rich Wadner was comfortably the top rookie this year in his beautifully turned out Swift SC, and will be worth watching next season.
These colorful, beautifully patterned fish are a joy to watch as they emerge from their hiding places in the coral rubble.
Fish too is carefully procured and steamed sea bass with crab, rocket and a chili salsa was judged a beautifully balanced combination.
A great place for anyone looking to spend their time off walking, climbing or just exploring a beautifully scenic area.
Breathe deeply and inhale the scents of citrus and olive trees in the tranquil landscaped garden surrounding this beautifully appointed luxury villa.
One of the most beautifully secluded Lakeside caravan estates offering exclusive lake frontage for km onto Windermere, set on a farm.
Beautifully converted, and well equipped with a tasteful sunroom making the most of the lovely view up to the Iron Age hill fort.
I began with Terrine of roast lamb sweetbreads which came beautifully arranged with little islands of seared vegetables in sherry vinaigrette.
As with our other knickers in this incredibly tactile collection from Aloe, these pretty knickers sit beautifully yet feel barely there.
Historical Crosses Lotus Scarf Highly desirable and beautifully tactile, these scarves are a perfect accessory for daytime and evening wear.
This was traditionally styled, beautifully designed and has a proved track record at the box office - making it a very smart buy.
Gift trugs innovative new gifts for gardeners Finest quality essential garden tools and accessories, beautifully packaged in a wooden presentation trug.
Club Health  will be held at the Gea College building, a beautifully renovated villa in the town center of Piran, Slovenia.
More general in its appeal still is the argument from the affections, which has been beautifully developed in Tennyson's In Memoriam.
Wandsworth Common and Clapham Common ( acres) lie partly within the borough, but the principal public recreation ground is Battersea Park, bordering the Thames between Albert and Victoria Bridges, beautifully laid out, containing a lake and subtropical garden, and having an area of nearly  acres.
Opposite this space, and backed against the beautifully jointed polygonal wall which has for some time been known, and which supports the terrace on which the temple stands, is the colonnade of the Athenians.
The princely ch√¢teau, now the property of the crown prince of Prussia, dating from  and beautifully restored in -, contains a good library and a collection of pictures.
Among the seafaring population of Britain the name "dolphin" is most usually given to the beautifully coloured fish Coryphaena hip pun s - the dorado of the Portuguese, and it is to the latter the poet is alluding when he speaks of "the dying dolphin's changing hues."
Beginning with the sagas of the west, most perfect in style and form, the earliest in subject is that of Gold-Thori (c. ), whose adventurous career it relates; Hensa-porissaga tells of the burning of Blund-Ketil, a noble chief, an event which led to Thord Gelli's reforms next year (c. ); Gislasaga (-) tells of the career and death of that ill-fated outlaw; it is beautifully written, and the verses by the editor (th century) are good and appropriate; Hord's Saga () is the life of a band of outlaws on Whalesfirth, and especially of their leader Hord.
Bright crimson √¢ not one of the deepest colors √¢ and wonderfully fresh, lively, racy wine that is beautifully balanced.
The revitalisation project included the rerouting of two rivers and the building of beautifully landscaped pedestrian walkways and Venetian-style footbridges.
Sailfish Cottage - A beautifully renovated Grade II listed fisherman 's cottage situated in the heart of the Downalong area of St Ives.
This is a beautifully sculpted piece with subdued vocal harmonies over some wonderful spacey keyboards, tinkling ivories and pure sweet guitar sounds.
Gift Trugs innovative new gifts for gardeners Finest quality essential garden tools and accessories, beautifully packaged in a wooden presentation trug.
In the meantime we have Phoenix House, their beautifully understated contribution to London 's ever growing number of serviced apartments.
Her ethos is an insistence on the finest quality flowers or plants, beautifully gift wrapped using the most unusual wrapping materials available.
Built on a series of terraces beneath St. Boniface Down the town 's roads zigzag down to the sea past the beautifully planted cascades.
Although parents may prepare for the much awaited homecoming to a beautifully decorated nursery with every material item the baby could need, the essential hands-on care needs to be achieved first.
This game plays largely in the same way as New Super Mario Bros. games before it, following Mario and his friends across beautifully artistic worlds.
There Was an Old Lady Who Swallowed a Fly, by Pam Adams is a beautifully illustrated book of the folk song that many grew up with.
Some are so beautifully written and illustrated that they make wonderful keepsakes that the child will treasure for years to come.
Built by hand with special attention paid to every detail, the master craftsmen creating Amish furniture in Wisconsin take pride in the high quality of their work and the beautifully crafted finished furniture pieces.
Photographs'''-Again, you can purchase beautifully framed Christian photos, or set up your own photographs, such as shooting pictures of a small child looking at a Bible or saying her bedtime prayers.
As a result, the pages of these catalogs often show beautifully decorated rooms designed with the latest trends in colors and fabrics.
Custom furnishings and accessories are the ultimate in luxury, but if your budget is small, there are still options that will make your home look beautifully tailored.
Show the guests in your home your patriotism by creating a collage of antique American flags beautifully displayed on your walls.
This type of fabric is very traditional, and works beautifully in French country-style interiors, traditional interiors or Old World decors.
As a modern lighting system, they suit newly built homes beautifully as well as renewed or renovated spaces in existing homes.
Supple leathers in an array of colors, richly textured velvets and elegant ribbons of satin or grosgrain are beautifully adorned and decorated.
The ring was made of two gold bands beautifully joined together by the birth month gemstones of their three children.
One side of the charm holds the diamond solitaire and is beautifully engraved Mother and the matching charm reads Daughter.
One of the best reasons to invest in men's big and tall sports coats and blazers is the fact that this jacket can go just about anywhere and fit in beautifully.
Wool Batting Is Stable - Where poly batting will shift, leading to unsightly bulges and flat spots, wool holds its shape beautifully for a uniform loft over the entire body of the comforter.
With all of the pretty styles available that beautifully blend sleeping comfort with nursing convenience, the only difficulty you may have is choosing your favorites.
Woven finishes feel like medium-weight cotton and are often seen in classic blouses with lace collars or in beautifully printed shirts such as the We Be Bop big shirts.
Soft Surroundings offers a several styles of women's caftans in sizes up to X, which are a generous  to  inches long and are beautifully decorated.
Skirts may be long or short, but they should also be sensual and made of fabric that flows beautifully with each movement.
Lavinia Lingerie carries an assortment of over  beautifully made bras that are made as much for form as they are for function.
Whether you love the classic look of a figure-flattering fleece Traveler's Coat or a beautifully detailed / length fleece jacket with an attached hood, there are many styles to keep you warm throughout all the seasons.
The various suits in their Esther Williams Collection are beautifully designed, come in a number of exciting colors and patterns and are available up to size .
From sexy tube styles to unique prints, the brand's maxi dresses are definitely unique and promise to flatter plus size figures beautifully.
Half-zip sweaters are ideal for this purpose; they layer beautifully over tanks or sleeved tops and look polished, not sloppy.
The company sells an impressive collection of beautifully constructed clothing that is built to last, and the suits are no exception.
The new breed of pant suits are smart, beautifully tailored and designed to do justice to the plus size figure.
Because so many vintage clothes, even hand-knitted garments, can be so beautifully made with intricate details, it's wonderful when you can find the real deal.
When you put on one of these beautifully designed one piece bathing suits, it takes at least an inch or more off of your stomach and waist.
Brylane Home offers a variety of plus size outdoor furniture such as their beautifully designed extra-large steamer chair and ottoman made of oil-rubbed hardwood.
That's because the lens here is dark, the frame is cat and the Chanel logo is offset beautifully in an attractive gold.
With such a wide variety to choose from, you'll be able to find a pair that complements your look beautifully.
Secondly, one of the most notable things about the entire series of Final Fantasy games has been the beautifully orchestrated music.
The cars are modeled beautifully (though damage is nonexistent, but blame the car manufacturer, not the gamemakers), and the environments are scaled nicely and are rich in detail.
The graphics and audio are fantastic and work beautifully in creating an atmosphere that successfully envelopes you into the world of Gordon Freeman.
When Namco released Soul Caliber, the original, it was widely hailed as the most beautifully perfect fighting game for a console.
I also recommend garage sales and discount stores (such as Ross or Marshalls)Öone friend of mine bought a beautiful decorative wine rack from a garage sale and it fits beautifully in her home.
Stacks and Stacks S-shaped wine rack - This beautifully designed wine rack will fit perfectly on a table or counter top.
The modern day Pinot Noirs from the Yarra Valley are beautifully fragrant, elegant and savory wines, and the Chardonnays are crisp yet complex wines with world class structure.
Whatever your personal reasons, collecting pet items is an enjoyable hobby that will bring you years of pleasure as you see your special treasures beautifully displayed in your home.
The originality of Madame Alexander dolls lies in the exquisitely detailed artistry of the doll's faces, the beautifully coifed hairstyles and the gorgeous costumes.
One of the uses for this beautifully shaped glass was on the fronts and sides of many styles of china cabinets.
It has been implemented beautifully on the Motorola Droid X, but the overall user experience is generally better received on the iPhone , especially with the latest updates in the mobile operating system.
While it is true that any body type can dance beautifully, not all dresses and styles are suitable to show off every body.
Obviously a custom-made gown will fit better and most beautifully display a dancer, but the cost can sometimes be prohibitive.
Prices vary depending on the exact design purchased, but Rachel Weissman designs are generally less than $, which makes this fun style beautifully affordable.
Not every hairstyle is perfect for every face shape, and individuals should learn about the proper hairstyle for their shape of face to choose a cut that can accent their features beautifully.
This style transitions beautifully from the office to happy hour, and is so quick and easy to pull together that there's almost no risk of suffering a bad hair day.
Whatever shade you choose, however, be sure it is the right hair color for you so it will look beautifully natural.
All styles of bangs, from low blunt bangs that brush the eyebrows to side swept bangs that curve across the forehead to a thin, long fringe that covers one eye are popular and can be worn beautifully with different short hair cuts.
No matter the theme or feel of the wedding, you are sure to find accessories that will beautifully compliment it.
Take your hair piece to your stylist for a trial run of different hair styles to find the one you like best that will show off your flowers beautifully.
The color is also equally intriguing, as shades of brown and a hint of red, dance in the light beautifully.
The singer's hair style always blends beautifully with her outfit du jour and in fact, is often the crowning piece of her eye catching ensemble.
Selecting the right colors, proper application, and the right maintenance can mean beautifully colored highlghts that add life and interest to you hair.
Julia Roberts, Kate Hudson and Meghan Fox all wear long layered hair beautifully and help to showcase a variety of hair textures.
Handing in beautifully written history homework on time at age eight does not mean that those same history facts will be remembered at age nine.
The black, blue and pale green colors will blend beautifully while you are swimming among coral reefs or catching a wave.
For example, instead of spending $ (or more) per piece, you can buy this beautifully sexy halter bikini for less than $.
In addition to offering more coverage, these beautifully patterned suits with matching sun hats recall the turn of the century and are truly special.
Spanx swimsuits not only look great, but the majority of the suits are so beautifully distinctive that you'll feel like a supermodel when you sport one.
The band of the shorts is fashioned in a contrasting, bright white that pairs beautifully with the rest of the shorts' orange coloring.
This is a beautifully cut tankini that features a deep V-neckline, but the swirling elegant pattern of black and white, coupled with a high coverage bikini bottom, makes this look a winner.
It blends beautifully with other fruits and stands alone as a segment within juice and the overall world of produce.
The dress was beautifully simple and classic, and Gwyneth kept her hair and jewelry in tone with it, which is probably why the entire look worked so well for her.
They pair beautifully with a number of other colors, can be played up or down with ease and transition well from work to play.
Available in everything from one-shoulder to maxi styles, the company's long cotton dresses skim the body beautifully and provide unsurpassed comfort.
Pair it with a pair of solid pants in a matching color - for example, an off the shoulder zebra-print peasant top would pair beautifully with a pair of crisp black trousers.
While still part of the neutral color palette, chocolate is warmer and less severe, and it can also flatter golden skin tones beautifully.
The key to looking and feeling sexy all the time - not just during summer - is to wear something that fits you beautifully and flaunts your best assets to perfection.
Their modern take on the corded electric hand mixer is a beautifully designed appliance with rounded edges, a streamlined look and the most ergonomic handle yet.
While the free trial only lasts for sixty minutes, players have the ability to learn the mechanics of the game in a beautifully moving environment.
