
And the Dean also took the hint; for he always remembered to give the man a "tip" for his trouble.
Give us a few days to learn what sort of laws you will make for us, and then we will say whether we can submit to them or not.
I'm working my way through college, but what have I ever done to give you the idea I was destitute?
He did not know at all how much he had, what his debts amounted to, or what dowry he could give Vera.
Cassie, your father should be the one to tell you this, but since you're not likely to give him the chance, I'll tell you.
When the spasms passed, she turned to the man she had nearly killed... the man who had helped give her that second chance.
I'm sorry to have missed act one, but I promise a short intermission before I give act two a try.
There are tests I could conduct that would give us direction and maybe some answers but he refuses to even discuss them.
Just before Howie was ready to give up, he was startled by a figure he'd not heard enter the house!
Howie, I can't tell you what to do; only give you advice and try to look at the options logically.
My wife thought he should go or Howie should simply kiss his mother's hand, give an excuse of pressing business, and come back east.
I branched off into this discussion of robots and nanites to give an idea of the kinds of massive gains in efficiency with declining costs.
We meet at meals three times a day, and give each other a new taste of that old musty cheese that we are.
It was impossible to take bread and clothes from our hungry and indispensable soldiers to give to the French who, though not harmful, or hated, or guilty, were simply unnecessary.
Her knees were trembling as if they were going to give way at any moment, and her face felt devoid of blood.
But when she asked Giddon to give Connie his phone number, he looked suspiciously from one of them to the other.
Our dog spotted a rabbit crossing his driveway and lurched forward to give chase, tangling me in his leash as I answered.
She'll give up her husband who she practically calls stupid and this other Abbott person just so she can live.
She didn't have his cold control; she was the kind of woman who would give herself freely in bed and hold no part of her back.
We don't want to give Bird Song the wrong reputation and have Sheriff Jake Weller down here busting the place.
There was a guy who'd give you the money and tell you the name of the voter you were supposed to be.
Both of them are at that level of not worrying about missing any meals but they're not big spenders—maybe five to ten mil bracket, give or take—no real debts.
Besides, if they buy the fact Edith Shipton is nuts, maybe they don't feel they owe her the normal concern they'd give a sane spouse.
My letters are so small none will ever see my missive, but there it will remain and give me strength for what I am now resigned I must do.
The paper didn't give a whole lot of details but the boys got in trouble and Edith saved the youngest one, Donnie.
Right now I don't give a damn about what happened a century ago and I'm in no position to make judgments of a situation I know so little about.
I don't much give a flying you-know-what who cut her husband's rope as long as no one is blaming me, or any of us.
It'll give him something to do now that the Annie Quincy business is over and the sisters are returning to Boston.
Fred offered to go up to Duckett's Market for boxes and give up closet space to temporarily store the large pile.
I can give no aid on that account, for I have no recollection of how I came to be here, either.
I will answer your questions and give you the information you need to get through this, but if you dare say one more disparaging word about my best friend, this will not end well for you.
They were both quiet for a moment, and then Sarah said, "Will you please give me a chance to prove that this isn't as bad as you think."
Patience had never been his strong suit, but he felt certain if he didn't give this woman the space she needed, she would be gone.
Jackson knew he had to give her something or she would burst, and, truth be told, he was proud of her for acting so casually when he knew every fiber of her being wanted to jump up and down screeching, 'Tell me, tell me!'.
I think the best advice I can give, is try to understand that everything she does and says initially comes from fear and shock.
Some give directions to be waked every half-hour, doubtless for no other purpose; and then, to pay for it, they tell what they have dreamed.
Go when you please, and I give you my word of honor that no one shall dare to cause you annoyance if only you will allow me to act as your escort.
She had to eat, sleep, think, speak, weep, work, give vent to her anger, and so on, merely because she had a stomach, a brain, muscles, nerves, and a liver.
But best of all you have brought yourself back--for I never saw anything like it, you ought to give your wife a scolding!
At that moment it seemed to him that he was chosen to give a new direction to the whole of Russian society and to the whole world.
She couldn't help wondering about the two of them and why she felt suddenly jealous, even though Jenn could give Dusty something she wasn't willing to.
He expected these days to be his last, but he'd give the order to decimate the entire state if it meant humanity as a whole survived.
Sometimes they know how to fix themselves, like you did, and I just give them my power and let them do it.
If you are asked, you can give them insight into their future, so long as you do not reveal everything.
Worse, she wasn't about to give the creature that tricked her into Hell and turned her Immortal an ounce of compassion.
The same instincts that warned her against the last deal with him told her she'd never win any bet with the devil I'll give you the terms first this time.
When the kid comes back from her momma's house, give me a buzz and I'll see if I have time to talk some truth into her.
He tactfully withdrew to the kitchen to give her privacy, expecting a summary of the conversation when she finished, but none was forthcoming.
I don't give a damn about a bunch of bones, but where do you get off saying The Lucky Pup Mine is yours?
If someone tampered with the real bones, we don't want to give them a chance to clean up whatever they might have left behind.
Deputy Sheriff Lydia Larkin drove by in her official white Blazer and Dean repressed the impulse to give her a one-finger salute.
Before you start following the poor woman like in a James Bond movie, maybe we should give the entire Dawkins clan a rest.
I heard he was going to give them out after the sale, after the trunks sold, but the keys all got mixed up so he simply tossed them.
He looked around to make sure he hadn't missed anything else that might give him a sign as to what Darkyn was doing by killing off an Ancient Immortal.
He didn't give her the reassurance she sought about whether or not they had a real future together, and she brokered a deal with the Dark One in a desperate attempt to ensure she had a chance with Gabriel.
Sometimes it takes more courage to give a child up than it does to keep it when you don't want it.
Very honorable of you to give her a choice of being with you after how she treated you all those years.
But he told me he'd give me a choice about whether or not I wanted to be with him, even though he's obligated by those laws.
Was she willing to give life a second shot, even if Gabriel wasn't in the picture and she had no more normal friends after Wynn's betrayal?
It took every ounce of her willpower not to flee hysterically or give in to the desire to collapse and sob.
She rolled her eyes and retreated to her bunk, hoping Sasha planned to give her time to rest before attacking her.
He didn't give a damn about her, and he sounded as if he'd rather she jump from a cliff than bother him.
He hadn.t even been able to keep her safe when they were together, and he had nothing—not even a home—to give her.
Wanting to give his friend, Rhyn, a moment of peace with his dead-dead parents, he waited until Rhyn was gone before withdrawing from the shadows.
His gaze was roving, and his air distracted even as he bent to give Hannah a kiss on the cheek.
She looked around the area where his desk had been and spotted a perfume bottle similar to the one he'd give her before.
In the morning, she'd clean up the house and then start working on another painting, the portrait of Evelyn and Romas she wanted to give the two of them as their joint wedding present.
You kidnap me, trick me into marrying you, dump me here alone without Evelyn or even a pad of paper, with instructions for your sisters to give me behavioral training, and run off to fight some battle somewhere else.
Today, she returned to the drawing she started long ago on the portrait she had intended to give Evelyn for her wedding.
She sat across from Evelyn, who continued to give her the odd look, and clasped her hands together hard to keep them from shaking as they took off.
Or would the fact that she never gave him an answer to stay or go make him unwilling to give her a second chance?
I'm content to give them fair value for their bucks and try my best to see that they enjoy themselves.
Cynthia gave them both a cautious look but after explaining in detail what needed to be done, she agreed to let the surrogate cooking team give it a try.
Once they had settled on October th for the wedding, and decided to use the same caterer they used for the Halloween gala, Elisabeth suggested they give it a rest until after Christmas.
I have some that give over two gallons a day and I've sold some that only gave a quart each milking.
No doubt Tessa was in labor and searching for a private place to give birth - some place high in the rocks, away from the water, but sheltered from the wind.
The crocuses were in full bloom and the daffodils along the fence were swollen, ready to give birth to their bright yellow blossoms.
I've been spending all my free time up here anyway, and that way you could give him some exercise when I'm not here.
From the corner of her eye she saw Katie give Alex a poisonous look, but Carmen walked out without looking in his direction.
She rubbed her face and considered ignoring her instinct, wanting to give the high-level government members the benefit of the doubt.
I'll give you a charge of— Fire tore through her, and she gasped, the pain nearly driving her unconscious before it ceased.
The idea of emeralds swimming around in a lake was too much for Katie.  She felt nauseous again at her overwhelming situation and stopped, leaning against a tree.  What she would give for a sip of real water!
And you can have my brothers right now.  I'll give you the order I prefer you to kill them in, Rhyn said.
You got a better explanation?  If Death told Rhyn she would give him Katie back, then Katie can't be dead.
I don't regret it, Rhyn.  You've had the deck stacked against you.  The least I could do was give you a second chance.
I wouldn't give it all up, and he wanted no part of the soulless corporation I manage.  I made him leave me.
My fate is sealed, Rhyn.  I've got nothing to lose now.  If she comes back, I can distract her, give you until midnight.
If this is what you call down, you need to spend some time in Hell.  If you don't believe me, I don't give a shit.  But I fulfilled my part of the deal I made with Kiki.
The super-demon bowed his head and left.  Darkyn watched him go then looked again at the hourglass.  He hadn't expected Death to quit, but she was about to give him a new window of opportunity, one that might be more powerful.  He might soon take over the underworld and its army of souls.
Gabe took the necklace, looking at the two emeralds on the black leather-like cord.  He'd missed his necklace after eons wearing it.  He'd missed his mother and baby brother.  He squeezed them in his hand in the only hug he could give his dead family.
They were given reasonable service and whispered offers to, "Stay three nights, the next one's free, and we'll give you a receipt for four."
Give him a week and he'll float in somewhere down south of here if the fish don't eat him first.
They summarily dismissed his request for a mustache and disguise and refused to give him a gun for pro­tection.
I'd have blown my brains all over the wall months ago if I didn't have him to give me a hard time.
I'd give you about ten minutes to live if you walked out this door, and maybe a day or two if you stay in the motel.
I'll give you a call tomorrow," he said as he turned and followed the others, adding, "Keep an eye out over your shoulder."
There's not a chance in a mil­lion your boy was  miles from the drop so don't give Baratto any excuse to clam up on me.
That'll give you more gas than the Hindenberg, Dean said but he couldn't be sure he was heard over the din of music and vacuum.
But some specter in his fitful half-sleep wouldn't even give permission for him to dream about Cynthia Byrne, sleeping restfully just yards away.
Jonathan Winston pulled Baratto away, and turned to give Dean a scathing look that said It's your fault for not keeping your mouth shut.
Dean asked her about the motor home but she could give lit­tle information except to say it was boxy looking and blue...or white...or light colored.
Dean suggested a pizza to give him time to get it out, and the two walked a few blocks to a favorite neighborhood spot—red­checkered tablecloth and scenes of Old Sorrento on the walls.
I'm not going to give you a now-you're-the-head-of-the-house speech but it's only been a few weeks since your father disappeared and you have a right to look out for your mother.
You think he dominates her, but here he is trying to give her the means to be independent and what does she do?
Her house was unlivable, her clothes scattered in three homes, and tomorrow she was going to give up her name as well.
The logical side of her mind had accepted the fact that he couldn't give her a child, but the emotional side still rebelled.
He pulled the towel from his face and stared down at her, but she didn't give him time to verbally attack her again.
