
Howard was a good ten years older and had far more important things on his mind – like his new position as partner at the law firm.
But why wouldn't he want her to see the barn, and why would he build it so far from the house?
The neighbors couldn't see into any of their windows, and they were far enough off the main road that the only traffic would be people coming to see them.
Though the world foreseen in this book may seem far away to you, I believe it will be achieved—and once achieved, that it will grow in stability over time.
He asked me to indicate as far as I could the gestures and action that should go with the lines.
By the time the wagons were fully engulfed in flames, they had traveled far enough to be out of the firelight.
It's fine to have high ideals about not going too far, but the reality of it is, it can happen before you realize what is happening.
I enjoy having a play described to me while it is being acted on the stage far more than reading it, because then it seems as if I were living in the midst of stirring events.
So they said, We must go to a new country far away and build schools and houses and churches and make new cities.
For a long time Pierre could not understand, but when he did, he jumped up from the sofa, seized Boris under the elbow in his quick, clumsy way, and, blushing far more than Boris, began to speak with a feeling of mingled shame and vexation.
The next morning they woke late and were again delayed so often that they only got as far as Great Mytishchi.
As Dean rounded a curve, he caught sight of the tail end of a white vehicle speeding down the cliff-hanging road on the far side of the deep valley—a sheriff's white Blazer was his first impression.
Some one balances the toboggan on the very crest of the hill, while we get on, and when we are ready, off we dash down the side of the hill in a headlong rush, and, leaping a projection, plunge into a snow-drift and go swimming far across the pond at a tremendous rate!...
Anything shallower than a half-inch bas-relief is a blank to her, so far as it expresses an idea of beauty.
But not far from Bald Hills he again came out on the road and overtook his regiment at its halting place by the dam of a small pond.
She ran out sobbing into the garden and as far as the pond, along the avenues of young lime trees Prince Andrew had planted.
If we had had only peasants to fight, we should not have let the enemy come so far, said he with a sense of shame and wishing to change the subject.
Far in the distance in that birch and fir forest to the right of the road, the cross and belfry of the Kolocha Monastery gleamed in the sun.
Our right flank is over there"--he pointed sharply to the right, far away in the broken ground--"That's where the Moskva River is, and we have thrown up three redoubts there, very strong ones.
After they had gone Pierre approached Prince Andrew and was about to start a conversation when they heard the clatter of three horses' hoofs on the road not far from the shed, and looking in that direction Prince Andrew recognized Wolzogen and Clausewitz accompanied by a Cossack.
At the far end of the main floor of Jonny's new home glowed a panoramic window fitted into the mountainside.
That made an extraordinary long hole, as you may imagine, and reached far down into the earth; and, as I leaned over it to try to see to the bottom, I lost my balance and tumbled in.
This is made possible by technology and the Internet, which is used to connect buyers and sellers worldwide and bring information (world commodity prices) to the far reaches of the globe.
I shall always keep them, and it will make me very happy to think that you found them, on that far away island, from which Columbus sailed to discover our dear country.
It is very beautiful to think that people far away in England feel sorry for a little helpless child in America.
I know; I'm not jelouss, but you and Martha have this thing between you that goes so far back I get dizzy thinking about it.
However, my wife was far and away the most intelligent of the five of us and understood our success depended on strong leadership.
If we can show them it's in their best interests to work with us and let us keep our privacy we're far better off.
I might gradually let you know some pertinent stuff but mostly you'll just get tips, as far as you're concerned, from an unidentified source.
Most cases were earlier tips as lately, the authorities were far more cautious with our information; often even denying a tip was involved when an arrest occurred.
She certainly is adapting her career to documenting his or her works and doing a good job of it as far as I can see.
So far, all their snooping is fact finding but if they want your talents, they don't take no for an answer.
I know for a fact they've talked to the tip line people and didn't get very far but who knows if they're tapping the line.
I realize now my venture was doomed to failure from the start as my target was far better protected than I sensed.
Before I could say more, I heard the telltale noise of breaking glass from the far side of the house!
Behind him, to the far right, I could see the front door was off its hinges, wrested to a strange angle.
She was far better than I at handling this type of emotion but just then, Molly skipped in the door.
Prior to its construction, a school bus could only pass over it empty, necessitating the children to alight, walk, and rejoin their transportation of the far side.
Sitting on a secluded site at the far side of the circle, on the outside, sat a mid-sized Pace Arrow motor home with California Plates!
The children running about are a serious temptation though I know this place is far too risky for what activities I have in mind.
It wasn't an invitation but I figured I owed my presence for what I'd learned so far and I couldn't wait to renew our conversation.
While my new vehicle is far less accommodating to my needs as my precious motor home, now resting in an airport parking lot, this van is satisfying my temporary needs.
Unfortunately, you were far more careless calling your tip line and a telephone code was noted and remembered by the operator.
He's a nice young man and I feel would make a far less labor intensive mate than Howie would have proved to be.
She avoided looking down, afraid to imagine just how deep the waters were or how far from shore they'd gone.
The clouds far above were starting to swirl with hypnotic slowness, the rain beginning to fall again, and the sea beneath their feet rippling and shifting beneath the rubbery surface.
Instead they searched their surroundings wildly in the light of periodic lightning and the fire at the far end of the hall.
Jule sat with his back against the far wall, his lip bloodied, one eye black, and his hands chained above his head to the pipes running from the floor to the ceiling.
It's the same thing you do to change an object into another, only normal objects have far less energy to control.
Jenn ran through the halls, certain no vamp was about to get in her way when all of them so far were dead.
He led her from the library, across the courtyard, and into the far wing of the mansion she'd not yet explored.
He roared and slammed his hands on the desk at the far end of the library, unable to stop the images racing through his mind.
As they strode into the gardens toward an awaiting helicopter, she couldn't help but think she'd just stepped into something far greater than she could ever imagine.
It wasn't the first time she'd heard such a thing, but it sounded far worse coming from the devil than it had Wynn.
With an outstretched hand she touched the wall and managed to feel her way around the corner until she could see the weak glow of the near-extinguished light far ahead.
How much time do you suppose we're spending on a case where as far as we can tell no one is in harm's way whatsoever?
The road paralleled the river to their right and far below, which was most often hidden by the pine trees that blanketed the slope.
Unlike most first-time riders of this spectacular road, she didn't shudder; instead she leaned far over for a better view, rattling a litany of praises.
She promised they'd take Jennifer there another time, but then added, "Your property is equally beautiful, with far fewer visitors."
It was still light enough to see across the gorge when an opening in the trees allowed, but the long swing to the far end of valley was away from the direction the vehicle had driven and blocked from sight by the curve of the canyon.
It wasn't a new sight—he'd spent far too many years as a police officer not to have seen it, uncounted but never forgotten times.
Fitzgerald growled something about keeping an eye on them, but he stood far enough away from Cynthia to protect his other cheek.
Even with his poor eye for such things, Dean could see that it was far lovelier that anything close to what their budget could have afforded.
I've wondered if it might have been Brandon, not Ralph who did the killing—or if the circumstances were far different than he related.
Neither a hero nor a Good Samaritan, Wynn found himself retreating to the far wall, in case the worst-case scenario happened, and one of the powerful creatures decided to act.
It sounded far too good to be true, especially since Darkyn knew who she was and what he might extort out of Gabriel to have his mate returned.
It was a far cry from the woman who ran away screaming from the soul she accidentally touched last week or the goddess who would've commanded him rather than risk getting her hands dirty.
It was far more important than the bet with the human, but Deidre couldn't help thinking about her deal and Darkyn's threat to reveal everything to Gabriel.
The idea she'd hidden it somewhere he couldn't find was driving him mad, along with the scent of the human blood coating the walls of the far bedroom.
Furious at the idea, Gabe began to wonder how the reincarnated Deidre made it this far without being slaughtered by one of her many enemies.
It didn't appear to be far, and it was hours before she'd be asleep on her side of the world.
She couldn't see the far end of the lake from her viewpoint, but she was able to see across the narrow panhandle.
They sat in silence throughout the afternoon, until the sun sank far enough out of the sky to perch on the ocean.
Frustrated, Katie looked both directions down the pristine, eerily quiet hallway before following the kid toward the far end, where a bright red exit sign hung over the door.
Hannah had succeeded in landing a big fish blueblood, a descendant of Italian royalty, whose old money placated the chilly welcome she received into a lifestyle far, far different from her own.
He squatted beside her, wrapping her arm in a clean white towel before he rose and strode to the desk along the far wall.
She didn't walk far before someone in a tiny car speaking only Gaelic pulled alongside her and motioned to her.
If you lied to me about everything so far, why the hell would I trust your word about anything, even saving the world?
She couldn't help but think the barracks and all their activity and life were far more appealing than the solemn, stately apartment that was hers.
Beating his wings so hard they hurt, he rose into the sky and soared around the small island, finally spotting three lone figures in small valley not too far from the Sanctuary.
She swam as far from the beach as she could, expelled her breath, then drew in a mouthful of water.
His own mother had been far from beautiful, and his father had told him the signs he'd found the right woman were unmistakable.
So I'm going to be stuck on a planet far away without a bus ticket home surrounded by spiders the size of basketballs and being bossed around by Neanderthal barbarians who forbid me to talk and lock me in the bathroom!
Tables and pillows stretched as far as she could see to create a massive circle she assumed was large enough to seat the crowd.
They broke free of the house into the dark night on a side of the house far from the light and merriment of the party.
It was a good, perfect little life, so much more than she ever expected, with the exception that her best friend in the universe-- Kiera-- might as well have been dead to her as far as Romas and his clan were concerned.
She cursed herself, aware she had accomplished little as far as advancing her rights but managed to draw the guaranteed attention of a man she was not certain she wanted to notice her.
It was too fanciful to look so far ahead when he needed to determine how to prevent his people from starving.
While the Ouray winters were far less severe that one might think, they did have a way of wearing out their welcome, like company that won't go home.
Cynthia, whose tiny five-two body possessed far more gracefulness than her husband's, managed to look as born on blades as the other two skaters.
She wore those half-stockings that were supposed to be hidden by something far longer than what covered her pudgy legs, which were streaked with the stark blue of veins looking like a map of a very congested and curvy area.
The trio was far more comfortable now, six months later, with enough money in the bank to keep the wolves away, and expectations, if not of prosperity, of at least a reasonably comfortable coming season.
At the far end of the loop, they passed the few remaining structures of the abandoned town of Ironton; empty, ghost-like buildings.
She pivoted around, as far as her seatbelt allowed, practically hanging over the seat as she looked out the back window.
Far off in the distance, Dean could again hear the ringing of Gladys Turnbull's alarm but he paid it no attention.
When the stream became visible, the flow was light, a far cry from the raging torrent Dean remembered from late spring when the melting snow increased the flow of the Uncompahgre a hundred fold.
I don't know if she is aware of our arrangement as few words ever pass between us, but her quarters are far from mine and we will be ever so quiet in our love.
Sometimes I fear my mind may be going as I often pretend my circumstances are far different than they truly are.
The boy was too far away for Dean to hail but Dean hurried his pace in hopes of stopping him and asking if he'd seen Cynthia.
That too was an upsetting time, but for a far different reason—fear of commitment and an unknown future they wanted together.
From the very beginning there had been an intensity, a seriousness to the falling flakes that spoke of accumulations far in excess of anything the Deans had seen to date.
The pair tramped further to the next closest point where they could see his line of descent to the river far below.
If Shipton was far enough over the edge, close enough to the bottom and the river to survive the fall, how could he see you hacking away at his rope?
That, coupled with Cynthia's strange behavior at the news of Shipton's fall bothered him far more than he'd allowed himself to believe.
Either Jerome Shipton would have seen the cut and not used the rope, or he would have fallen so far he'd be whispering to Lucifer, not Jake Weller.
It hangs there, waiting for me to step upon this velvet chair where I sit, tie its far descending end to my neck, and step from this world, freeing it from the guilt and troubles Annie Quincy has caused.
Though he harbored no regrets in declining her invitation to sex, he knew he could and should have handled so obviously unstable a person in such a mental state far better than he did.
During the hurried explanations of her mother's condition, her trip home and hushed comments on the recent happenings, it was moments before Dean noticed Janet O'Brien sitting in the far corner.
Martha, who couldn't have run that fast from her trailer if she did have a decent pair of sneakers—which she didn't—was at the door, pulling a sled upon which was piled a bundle far smaller than any ten-year-old's belongings ought to represent.
But the peaceful sleep he'd assumed would come eluded him as his mind continued to trip over far too many loose ends in the recent happenings.
Dean rummaged about in the snow among the remaining climbing articles but the leather apparatus he untangled was far too small for his waist.
Glancing over his shoulder at his advancing pursuer, he knew he'd have to drop far enough and rapidly enough to pass Shipton before the killer could swing out with his deadly ax.
Fortunate for him it was then near enough to the end of the line that his fall wasn't far enough to kill him.
No one would ever be good enough for Sarah in Jackson's eyes, however, as far as boyfriends went, this guy seemed pretty amiable.
Jackson held back far enough so Connor would not see him, yet close enough to get into the room in a hurry.
She sat on the sofa with tears running down her face, a smile pulled as far as it would go.
She picked up a piece of sheet music from the stand and could see it required a far greater command of the piano than he was exhibiting.
The music still played throughout the house, and the studio was far enough away from the living room so noise wasn't an issue.
Jackson glanced at the sheet music then at her through dark lashes "This is a far cry from 'Happy Birthday'."
I gave you one pass, but if you ever look at me like lunch again, I'll rip those fangs out of your head and shove them so far up your ass they'll reattach.
She stretched as far as she could and laced her fingers behind his neck, pulling his mouth down to hers again.
In the few hours remaining before his departure, her head was so far in the clouds that she didn't even notice he said nothing about marriage.
She quelled her sense of panic, instead moving as far from them as possible to the kitchen and hoping they didn't notice her.
Lana tilted it out far enough to see it was a box of chocolates with the nearby fed hospital's seal on the top.
You could say they were used for leverage if the country trounced too far on our generosity or refused to take into account our national interest when they acted up.
There was no way she could do enough damage to Charlie from four times as far to allow her to escape.
I didn't expect him to get so far, and he may not pass at all.  In any case, I have a much larger problem.  I interfered when I shouldn't have, she said.
It was still dark, and the moons of the underworld hadn't moved far across the sky.  He sat, uneasy with the dream exchange with Death.  A small fire burned between him and Katie, whose pale features and shadowed eyes were showing the effects of both her pregnancy and the toll the underworld took on mortals.
He'd spent his life relatively alone, crossing between the underworld and human world as needed.  Death had been far from co-dependent, and he'd had free rein.  Until two days ago, when he crossed into the underworld with Katie slung across his shoulder.  He'd forgotten what it was to have someone completely dependent on him.
He was far enough away from the Sanctuary's fortress not to cause a threat to those there, so long as the two people buffering him stayed close.
He pulled up the hood and strode into the forest, towards the castle.  Beneath the hood, he took in the numbers of demons present.  There weren't as many as he expected but far more than he could fight without his magic.
The branch obliged him and passed him upwards to another, which stretched him as far up as it could reach.  Then dropped him.  Toby yelped as he fell.  Another branch caught him and lifted him upwards again.
Toby hunched his shoulders.  He'd wandered far enough away from camp that he'd hoped to get some food before running from Ully, who was still sleeping.
The Ully-demon launched towards him.  The tree snatched Toby and lifted him to safety, and Toby dangled far enough over Ully's head that the demon couldn't reach him.  As he watched, the Ully-demon transformed into its natural form, a creature of wings, talons, and teeth longer than Toby's fingers.
Rhyn stopped in place.  He'd never thought he'd hear her voice again, and he couldn't remember the last time he'd heard anything that stopped his world in place.  He turned to see Katie supporting Hannah as they entered the Sanctuary courtyard.  Katie wore simple jeans and a t-shirt.  Her dark curls cascaded down her shoulders, and her face glowed.  Her bright eyes locked on his.  She stopped too far away for his comfort, struggling to support her sister.
As far as we know.  I didn't see her enter the portal, but one of our spies was in her fortress when she entered the chamber you indicated.
On the far side of the roadway, the man walked the short distance to the pathway that led to the beach.
While it was close enough to catch broadcasts of Phillies baseball and Eagles football, it was far enough away to be isolated from most of the brutality associated with the city of Brotherly Love.
There was far more to learn about Jeffrey Byrne before he could report an informed opinion on the happenings in Norfolk two nights earlier.
I'm going down to Norfolk Friday to talk to the local police, but so far, there isn't a thing to point to the guy skipping.
A fisher­man had thought he'd sighted a body in the bay, but it was too far away to confirm and, with night approaching, the shape was lost in the darkening swells.
Byrne's description was far too common to stand out but no one recalled a man hurriedly leaving the city in the middle of the night, Tuesday-Wednesday.
He moved around to the far side of the car, as if to get out of earshot of the house.
His room was on the far side—away from the bed, so we couldn't hear as well as the other.
