
The tip covers only a few minutes, like she has to leave quickly, even though there must be more to be learned if she stayed.
It may be so to worldly eyes, but in the time of danger to Islam the Moslem turns away from the things of this world and thirsts only for the service of his Faith, even though he looks in the face of death To establish confidence in the minds of the Egyptian public that the authorities could maintain order and tranquillity, it was determined to increase permanently the strength of the British garrison.
It is common to go to confession, even though there are only venial sins to be confessed; and in order to excite contrition people are sometimes advised to confess over again some mortal sin from which they have been previously absolved.
Hydraulic mining has for the most part been confined to the country of its invention, California, and the western territories of America, where the conditions favourable for its use are more fully developed than elsewhere - notably the presence of thick banks of gravel that cannot be utilized by other methods, and abundance of water, even though considerable work may be required at times to make it available.
A side wind causes excessive flange friction on the leeward side of the train, and increases the tractive resistances therefore very considerably, even though its velocity be relatively moderate.
According to these men, even though rationality did not exist in any individual, its existence in nature would still remain intact " (Cousin, Introduction, &c., p. cxx.).
The Imari ware, even though its thick biscuit and generally ungraceful shapes be omitted from the account, shows no enamels that can rival the exquisitely soft, broken tints of the famille rose; and the Kakiemon porcelain, for all its rich though chaste contrasts, lacks the delicate transmitted tints of the shell-like kwan-yao.
Practically, therefore, the law has remained a one-sided enactment, by which Italy considers herself bound, and of which she has always observed the spirit, even though the exigencies of self-defence may have led in some minor respects to non-observance of the letter.
If the attack of a parasite is met by the formation of some substance in the protoplasm which is chemo- tactically repulsive to the invader, it may be totally incapable of penetrating the cell, even though equipped with a whole armoury of cytases, diastatic and other enzymes, and poisons which would easily overcome the more passive resistances offered by mere cell-walls and cell-contents of other plants, the protoplasm of which forms bodies chemotactically attractive to the Fungus.
We may therefore assume that, in acts of public worship at any rate, prayer and its magico-religious congeners are at all stages resorted to as a "means of grace," even though such grace do not constitute the expressed object of petition.
The remote descendant of a duke, even though he may chance to be heir presumptive to the dukedom, is in no way distinguished from any other gentleman; it is even possible that he may not hold the social rank of gentleman.
But the nobility of a large country, even though used to act politically as an order, could never put on that orderly and legal character which distinguishes the true civic patriciates.
At the new Victoria station (London) of the London, Brighton & South Coast railway - which is so long that two trains can stand end to end at the platforms - this system is extended so as to permit a train to start out from the inner end of a platform even though another train is occupying the outer end.
Hence, in the absence of more complete external evidence one is obliged to recognize the limitations of Old Testament historical criticism, even though this recognition means that positive reconstructions are more precarious than negative conclusions.
They are sincerely devout in religion, and feel an awe regarding "the holy Brahmans," holding the life and the person of a Brahman sacred, even though he be a criminal of the deepest dye.
The fact that other philosophers, notably Etienne Louis Malus and Augustin Fresnel, were pursuing the same investigations contemporaneously in France does not invalidate Brewster's claim to independent discovery, even though in one or two cases the priority must be assigned to others.
To handle these so successfully that we can discriminate defects from qualities at all, is proof of the technique of a master, even though the faults extend to whole categories of literature.
That the area of a parallelogram is equal to the area of a rectangle on the same base and between the same parallels, or that the volume of a cone is one-third that of a cylinder on the same base and of the same height, may be established by a proof which is admitted to be rigorous, or be accepted in good faith without proof, and yet fail to be a matter of conviction, even though there may be a clear conception of the relative lengths of the diagonal and the side of a square or of the relative contents of two vessels of different shapes.
Since the condition of the medium between A and B remains constant, even though the matter is continually changing, the momentum possessed by the matter between A and B is constant.
I looked the ground over, and made up my mind that there were several other excellent people there, with honest opinions of the right, even though they differed from me.
The book reveals a strong personality and helps us to know the man and his teaching, even though we have to gather his own views largely from his criticism of his antagonists.
Upon institution the church is full against everybody except the crown, and after six months' peaceable possession the clerk is secured in possession of the benefice, even though he may have been presented by a person who is not the proper patron.
Their religious sympathy with the West was seriously impaired by dogmatic controversies; from Islam they might at any rate hope for toleration, even though their views were not in accordance with the theology of the emperor of the day.
The cousins met after an interval of twenty-three years, and Lady Hesketh was to be Cowper's good angel to the end, even though her letters disclose a considerable impatience with Mrs Unwin.
Lithophytes.These are plants which grow on true rock, it not on the loose soil covering rock, even though this may W
Thus charged on the silver bend, it makes bad armory and it is worthy of note that, although the grant of it is clearly to the duke and his heirs in fee simple, Howards of all branches descending from the duke bear it in their shields, even though all right to it has long passed from the house to the duke's heirs general, the Stourtons and Petres.
In  his father married him to Catherine de' Medici, from which match, as he said, Francis hoped to gain great advantage, even though it might be somewhat of a misalliance.
Therefore, even though Athenian domination may have been highly salutary in its effects, there can be no doubt that the allies did not regard it with affection.
In many, perhaps in most, cases the general health of the infected animal seems to be unimpaired, even though the.
The uncircumcized proselyte was similarly excluded from the Paschal meal on which the Eucharist was largely modelled, even though it may not have been in any way a continuation of the same.
Oku had to start at the earliest possible moment, even though operations against Port Arthur were thereby delayed for a week or two.
To those who maintained the existence of a plenum as a philosophical principle, nature's abhorrence of a vacuum was a sufficient reason for imagining an all-surrounding aether, even though every other argument should be against it.
They required humouring, and their march discipline was very elastic. But in battle the "thinking bayonets" resolutely obeyed orders, even though it were to attack a Marye's Hill, or a "Bloody Angle," for they had undertaken their task and would carry it through unflinchingly.
If the hounds jump at the brook, even though they fail to clear it, the rider may take it for granted that at that place the leap is within the capacity of any ordinary hunter in his stride; hence if, when going at three parts speed, a horse's feet come just right to take off, the mere momentum of his body would take him over a place  ft.
The large province of the Basin ranges, an arid region throughout, even though it reaches the sea in southern California, involves some novel problems in its description.
The carbon-bearing shales, slates and schists, and the limestone, are indications that life was relatively abundant, even though but few fossils are preserved.
The object in both cases was to break down tariff barriers between the United States and Canada, even though that should be at the expense of discrimination against Great Britain.
The absence of iron and the abundance of bronze in the relics of a prehistoric people is a piece of evidence to be accepted with caution, because the great defect of iron, its proneness to rust, would often lead to its complete disappearance, or conversion into an unrecognizable mass, even though tools of bronze originally laid down beside it might remain but little corroded.
As these flakes readily split open, when a piece of this iron is broken rupture passes through them, with the result that, even though the graphite may form only some % of the mass by weight (say to% by volume), practically nothing but graphite is seen in the fracture.
An advowson may, however, be sold during a vacancy, though that will not give the right to present to that vacancy; and a clerk may buy an advowson even though it be only an estate for life, and present himself on the next vacancy.
A circumstance often mentioned in support of this view is the fact that the diamonds in one pipe generally differ somewhat in character from those of another, even though they be near neighbours.
It has been introduced in all schools, so that nearly all education is given in Croatian, even though a knowledge of Italian is quite essential for the maritime population; and it is only in one or two towns, such as Zara, the ancient capital of the country, that Italian is able to maintain itself.
It must be remembered, however, that even though the town was German, the rural population of the surrounding villages was chiefly Slovene.
Thus it is held that it is not the duty of a servant to infringe a moral law even though his master should command it.
Denmark, however, is nowhere low in the sense in which Holland is; the country is pleasantly diversified, and rises a little at the coast even though it remains flat inland.
With all the other prophets the primary function is spiritual teaching; miracles, even though numerous and many of them symbolical like Elisha's, are only accessory.
Tradition tells that James vowed " to make the key keep the castle, and the bush keep the cow," even though he " lived a dog's life " in the endeavour.
The land was not denuded, and the fact that " some scores of thousands of Jews remained in Judah through all the period of the exile,"  even though they were " the poorest of the land," revolutionizes ordinary notions of this period.
She, curiously, is the kuata or " go-between," even though her services are only employed in the respectable task of arranging marriages.
Communication is now free; and it has been found that prices are absolutely lowered by thus bringing the consumer nearer to his market, even though the rate of taxation be increased.
At any rate, even though we should lack bread, it is better to die of hunger than on the gallows."
Van Diemen's Land positively refused to do so, even though this denial cut off the su p ply of labour, now urgently needed.
Similarly forms of thinking, the law of contradiction not excepted, have their meaning only in reference to determinate content, even though distributively all determinate contents are dispensable.
Thus he may grant indulgences, issue censures, give dispensations, canonize saints, institute bishops, create cardinals - in short, perform all the acts of his jurisdiction, even though he be no more than a layman; but by custom certain of his more solemn acts are postponed till after the ceremony of his coronation, from which his pontificate is officially dated.
Thus the second element of a compound word, even though written and accented as a separate word, has a soft initial, because in Brythonic the first element of a compound generally ended in a vowel, as in the name Maglo-cunos.
None the less, the Assyrian statements with regard to the Medes demonstrate that the Iranians must have reached the west of Iran before  B.C. It is probable that at this period the Persians also were domiciled in their later home, even though we have no direct evidence to adduce.
Thus, even though it arose from national views, in its esseiice it is not national (as, for instance, the Israelite creed), but individualistic, and at the same time universal.
The cultivation of the potato in England made but little progress, even though it was strongly urged by the Royal.
For Example, The Bore Of The Tube Is No Longer A Matter Of Indifference, Even Though The Attachment Of The Drop Occurs Entirely At The Outer Edge.
Hart in The Jewish Quarterly Review for July , the gist of which is that Jesus commends the Pharisees for insisting that when a man has vowed a vow to God he should pay it even though his parents should suffer.
Engelhardt (Les Protectorats anciens et modernes) and other writers on the subject have collected a large number of instances in antiquity in,which a true protectorate existed, even though the name was not used.
Land which belongs or would belong to a child as heir at law or customary heir need not be brought in to the common fund, even though such land was given during the father's life.
This, however, could not as yet be recognized by the friends of prophecy, even though it seemed for a time as if the claims of book religion were rebuffed by facts.
This example was followed by lesser magnates, who styled themselves loosely, or were so styled by the chroniclers, " princes," even though they had little claim to independent sovereignty.
Starting from sensation as our basis, causality could never give us this, even though it be allowed that sensation is impersonal to the extent of being independent of our volition.
No person not of full age, imperfectly educated, stupid, blind, deaf, deformed or otherwise defective in mind or body, or for any reason whatsoever unfit to discharge the duties or unworthy to represent the manhood of the nation, could be king, even though he were the eldest son of the preceding king.
Jumblat family, even though he was supported by the Talhuk, Abd al-Malik and Yezbeki families; and it appears that some members of the Shehab joined the Maronite faith in the middle of the th century, causing a suspicion of secret apostasy to fall on all the family.
This immediate consciousness of freedom persists upon another occasion even though subsequent reflection upon conduct should lead the individual to regard himself as determined at the very moment when he was aware of himself as free.
Neither the immense fortunes amassed by these men, nor the venality and robust vitality which made their families veritable races of ministers, altered the fact that De Lionne, Le Tellier, Louvois and Colbert were in themselves of no account, even though the parts they played were much more important than Louis XIV.
The Bavarian dream dissipated, victories gained in Flanders by Marshal Saxe, another adventurer of genius, at Fontenoy, Raucoux and Lawfeld (-), were hailed with joy as continuing those of Louis XIV.; even though they resulted in the loss of Germany and the doubling of English armaments.
The more resistant rocks, even though dissected by Tertiary erosion, retain in their summit tiplands an indication of the widespread peneplain of Cretaceous tinie, now standing at the altitude given to it by the Tertiary upwarping and post-Tertiary uplift; and the most resistant rocks surmount the Cretaceous peneplain as unconsumed monadnocks of the Mesozoic cycle.
Thus a drunkard's or a madman's sacraments would only be mockery, even though the recipients received them in good faith and devoutly.
All advances were lodged by him in the Bank of England until required, and all subsidies were paid over without deduction, even though it was pressed upon him, so that he did not draw a shilling from his office beyond the salary legally attaching to it.
You may want to consider registering with the site even though you may have to divulge a bit of personal information, like your address and e-mail address.
Unfortunately, some communities feel it is no longer cost-effective to recycle, even though in the long run, this will prove inaccurate.
Electric only drive or, does it use only electric power even though gas and electric engines and motors are combined?
On the other hand… As funny as it may sound, even though I feel as if I'm wearing a ton of makeup, my eyes lack the dramatic look I usually get from my regular eyeliners.
Since the product is so versatile and so flattering, I probably would buy it again, even though I had misgivings at first.
Unfortunately, even though these dual lip gloss sets are the cat's meow, it's actually rather difficult to find one that contains a liner!
I agreed with my wife but pointed out even though Bryce had tracked us down, I couldn't think of any other slip ups besides Julie's contest that would point to us.
She couldn't help wondering about the two of them and why she felt suddenly jealous, even though Jenn could give Dusty something she wasn't willing to.
I'm pleased Martha trusted us enough to confide in us, even though now I have to take my hat in my hand and talk Jake Weller into spelunking after a skeleton.
It's private land, not national forest or park lands, and even though you or the Dawkinses own all this, it's not posted, except for the mine tunnel.
She had decided to let it grow long, even though she feared the weight of it would remove the curls.
That's how I found out you really did love Gabe, even though you um …" "Crushed his will to live," Toby finished.
Would he go to this extent to be granted admittance, even though he might not survive long enough to get whatever it was he came for?
There was no way he would admit it, but his personal scenario matched Fred O'Connor's to a tee, even though his practical side was embar­rassed to even consider the possibility.
Some psychologists prefer to restrict the term to the narrower use which excludes all mental states in which particulars are cognized, even though the universal be present also.
William had therefore no difficulty in reducing the country, even though Le Mans was assisted by Fulk of Anjou ().
The PseudoIsidorian idea being that all lay control over things ecclesiastical is wrong, all transferences by laymen of ecclesiastical offices or benefices, even though no money changed hands in the process, were now classed as simony (Humbert, Adversus Simoniacos, -).
This virtual exclusion from the mails was continued to the financial ruin of some newspapers even though the objection was based on the material in only one issue.
Not only were the persons who were to constitute each Parlement named in advance, but those who were not placed on this list, even though vassals or prelates, were excluded from judging cases.
If, however, we discover plantbearing strata interstratified with deposits containing marine fossils, we can fix the period to which the plants belong, and may be able to correlate them in distinct areas, even though the floras be unlike.
Her long term relationship with Josh was still very much alive in his mind, even though it had never been particularly romantic.
She turned her hair back to long pink as she walked, self-conscious about Gabriel seeing her tattoos even though he already knew about them.
That's how I found out you really did love Gabe, even though you um â€¦" "Crushed his will to live," Toby finished.
It is also a fact that with each recurring decade these general expenses (also called indirect, undistributed or fixed charges) have an increased importance as compared with the particular (direct, distributed or operating) expense attaching naturally to the particular portions of the traffic. For with increased density of population it becomes profitable to make improvements on the original location, even though this may involve increased charges for interest and for some parts of its maintenance, for the sake of securing that economy of operation, through larger train-loads, which such an improved location makes possible.
The grand-duke accepted his threat as a request to resign, passed censure, and extended to him permission to withdraw from his chair at Jena; nor would he alter his decision, even though Fichte himself endeavoured to explain away the unfortunate letter.
They are beliefs in things of a sort; for, after all, ideas and names are things; their objects, even though non-existent, are at all events things conceivable or nameable; and therefore we are able to make judgments that things, non-existent but conceivable or nameable, are (or are not) determined in a particular manner.
To the prophets Hosea and Amos the cultus of Bethel was superstitious and immoral, even though it was Yahweh himself who was worshipped there (see Bethel).
I spend less time waiting for Excel to do a recalculation of my formulas today than I did on my  in the s, even though my spreadsheets are thousands of times more complex.
Tensions mounted all through the s as militias were raised on both sides in what later came to be known as the Aroostook War, even though there was never actually a war or casualties.
For instance, if you have a Facebook friend Abigail in Albania whom you only met once at a rock-paper-scissors competition years ago, you will generally regard Abigail's first-hand account as authoritative, even though you don't really know Abigail all that well.
It also seemed perfectly reasonable to take the  Nash Metropolitan for a spin around the block, even though it didn't have brakes either.
She was modest about her accomplishments even though she had a lot to be proud of after the dance competition season.
I feel obligated to watch my cousin's kid when he asks me to babysit, even though he's a rambunctious brat.
Once baby has arrived, continue to let your older child help you as often as possible, even though it might take a little extra effort and patience on your part.
Each woman's body is different, and while some women may not begin their menstrual cycle until their babies are closer to being weaned, other women may begin experiencing periods even though they are nursing around the clock.
Keep in mind that even though it may not cost money to take the kitten home, there will be costs associated with adopting a new pet.
For instance, your home is an asset because even though you are spending income on a mortgage today, you may be able to sell your home for a profit in the future.
Do you live paycheck to paycheck even though you earn a good salary that you know should be more then enough for your needs?
Keep in mind that even though you are making a payment electronically, the funds may not be pulled from your bank account for a couple of business days.
The expenses of preparing and trying a case, combined with the operating expenses of running the law firm, need to be paid even though the firm will not be fully paid until the case is settled.
Gift cards are also available for purchase at Starbucks locations within retail and grocery stores, even though these locations may not be able to accept these cards for purchases.
Urban dwellers may feel that even though they know what are the benefits of composting, they lack the means to do it.
After all, even though the holidays can be stressful, try to remember that these people (for the most part) truly love you and want to see you happy.
Marilyn Monroe is considered one of the gold standards of beauty and sensuality on the big screen, but even though her beauty is still exalted today she would be hard pressed to get a job in modern Hollywood.
Applegate chose an aggressive form of treatment by undergoing a double mastectomy, even though the cancer was only found in one breast.
Now that he is a toddler, however, he is much more active, and even though he is still growing in leaps and bounds, he's also probably much rougher on his clothing.
As such, you can often find dresses for babies that feel brand-new, even though they may be fifty or more years old.
It is vital to remember that even though a textbook is a file on the computer rather than a hardback on a student's desk, that it will provide a wealth of information necessary for completing your courses.
Keep in mind that even though you may not have to pay tuition for four years, the cost of the documentation procedures can be expensive.
Other national park visits may include Tombstone Territorial Park or Glacier Bay National Park.Tours always include amenities similar to the comforts of a cruise ship, even though they're still on land.
For example, a five night cruise that costs $, per passenger is a better value than a four night cruise that costs $, even though it is slightly more expensive.
Keep trying to get that dream job, even though you may have to take a temporary or part-time position while you wait.
Preservatives that were added to the ingredients before the pet food company received them are not listed even though they are present in the food.
And even though pets may be allowed, they may only ride in the main compartment with the permission of the other passengers.
On the other hand, some people believe that it is safer to cook the meat before feeding it to their dogs, even though this will compromise some of the nutrients.
Her initial soiling has probably become a habit, and even though you can't smell the urine, she probably can due to her much higher sense of smell.
Remember, even though you rescued one dog from this place, there are probably dozens of others there in desperate need of help.
Simply put, if a dog will not eat it in the wild, then it doesn't go into the mix.Dogs are carnivores by design, even though they will eat other food sources when the opportunity arises.
Our male is always sniffing her and trying to mount her, even though it has been six weeks since her heat ended.
Ms. Seranne was a long time breeder and dog judge, and even though you're not particularly looking to raise a show dog, the section on dog pregnancy contains the finest information I've ever found on the topic.
However, since there was some sort of breeding activity involved, even though it was interrupted, there is still a chance the male caught her.
Here is what I do know; it can be very dangerous for your dogs to hang their heads out the car windows, even though you know they love so very much to do just that.
Honestly, I am still just as lazy with myself and the dogs sometimes even though the weather may be nice outside.
Shelby is a certified pet dog trainer and even though we have been friends for too many years to mention.
Bear in mind that even though a weed killer may be organic, it does not always mean it will not damage the environment at all.
When you add salt to your weed killer mixture, be aware that even though salt is organic, it may linger in your soil for some time.
In fact, even though you can easily find finished charts, most people recommend getting some blank charts and filling them out yourself over and over so that the notes and their positions begin to sink in.
Pick songs you like, too, because it helps ensure that you will stick with learning the song, even though some parts of it might be tough to master.
One of the most intriguing aspects of the song is that, even though the title translates to kiss me a lot, the young songwriter was in her early teens when the song was written and had never experienced a passionate kiss before.
They have tabs from every album except the band's newest release, and even though they feature more guitar tabs than bass tabs, there are some bass tabs offered for each album listed.
The album was poorly received by critics even though one track, Beelzeboss (The Final Showdown) featured Dave Grohl from the Foo Fighters.
Check the flooring - Even though you have to install a setting bed, check the flooring construction underneath the tub (floor joists, sub flooring etc.,) before installing your new tub.
Keep in mind that even though it is called casual Friday, you should follow the basic standards of dress and still maintain a sense of business place attire.
Your hands will learn the moves properly so that, even though you'll still need practice, you will have an inherent understanding of how to tie the knot correctly.
Some dorm rooms may be naturally chilly, and even though he may be home for the holidays, there's no telling when a cold front will strike.
It is usually a good idea to avoid artificial materials like rayon, polyester, or nylon, even though they may look shiny and stretchy.
If an organic item is dyed with the less expensive chemical dyes, it will contain toxins even though it is organic.
So even though organic baby food may cost an average of  percent more than non-organic varieties, parents obviously feel that the extra cost is worth it.
Many brides benefit from selecting plus size colored wedding dresses, and ivory is a favorite even though this color choice may have emerged by chance, along with the nostalgia of family heirlooms.
A couple of business suits are a perfect addition to your career wear wardrobe even though they cost a little more than separates initially.
However, you will still have to take a  RMD by December , , which the IRS will count as your "second" RMD, even though you didn't take a "first" one for .
In the Philippines, the main drawback is even though you can maintain a high quality of living, there are always a lot of unknowns.
Melatonin side effects can interfere with your health, even though the supplement has been used to treat insomnia for some time.
This is extremely important, for you don't want them coming on days when you're at work and they're not supposed to be there (you'll have to pay for their services even though they weren't supposed to come).
Even though a bike may look cosmetically in good condition, or even though it might have passed your inspection, it's important to know whether or not the owner actually took good care of the bike.
For example, do you often wake up with horrible back pain, even though you were fine when you went to bed?
Larger monitors cost more, so even though you may want a huge monitor and have room for it at your desk, you may not want to pay the price attached.
Currently, even though laptops come with a decent amount of storage, many computer users use external drives to save data in case the laptop crashes.
Many cats and dogs can share the same type of bed, which is why pet retailers may not always offer sleepers specifically labeled as cat beds even though they can serve that function perfectly well.
When parents cosign for the cards they are still responsible for the debt even though they may not have access to make purchases off the accounts.
In other words, if the teenager fails to make a payment the responsibility legally falls onto the parents, even though they did not make purchases on the cards.
Too often, recipients discovered that even though the merchant gift cards they received were for a certain amount, the balance was quickly depleted from fees or the card had expired altogether before they could fully use its value.
If given an interest rate of . percent, for example, this will result in a monthly payment of nearly $, even though the same amount of money was borrowed.
Also, even though you have your Certificate Deposit as collateral, that doesn't mean that Citibank can't ultimately send your account to a collections agency.
Co-parenting means that even though a couple's marriage has legally ended, they can still remain involved in their children's lives.
If the parents can keep this fact in mind, then they will find it easier to change from being a couple who are parents to co-parents who still love and care for their children, even though they are no longer a couple.
This way of providing for dependent children is not without its faults, even though the guidelines were developed as a way to protect the welfare of children when their parents' relationship breaks down.
However, keep in mind, that even though you may be able to show how much money you need, the decision to award alimony is still at the discretion of the Court.
The good news is even though you may not like him, it doesn't mean you and he can't be good parents.
Tell him that even though you two don't agree on many situations, you both need to make a co-parenting agreement so that disagreements about co-parenting don't continue to happen.
It's important to remember that even though outdoor fabrics are designed to withstand the elements, they can get damaged and degraded.
In this book you'll learn that even though most people can't get fresh acai berry, they can still enjoy the many benefits of it.
Several other possible side effects may occur if tea tree oil is taken internally, and even though it was at one time used as a tea, hence its name, you should never take it internally.
While fresh picked Maqui berries are full of healthful nutrients, the nutritional benefits may be diminished in processing even though Maqui juice and supplements are manufactured following strict FDA guidelines.
There is nothing wrong with the quality of these paints, and even though the color might have been slightly wrong for another customer, it could be the perfect color for your room.
However, even though many of these rooms are on the expensive side, the good news is that there are plenty of ways to achieve similar looks without breaking the bank.
With cabinets, you want them to reach up almost to the ceiling, even though you might not be able to reach up there to get things down.
So, if you like Britney Spears, you may very well like her line of fragrances, even though they're not actually created by her.
A man says he still feels in love with his ex-wife when he smells the scent on someone else because it brings back memories, even though they haven't seen each other in over a year.
The former couple's battle over custody of their two sons, Jayden James and Sean Preston, continues to make headlines even though the couple's divorce has been final for several months.
Lucas was very impressed by the young actor's talents and asked Ford to come and read for the part of Han Solo, even though he originally had Kurt Russell, Christopher Walken and Nick Nolte in mind for the part.
She went on to say that she remains supportive even though the man her -year old mom has chosen to date is a year younger than Brooke.
Crime rate - According to the U.S. Census, even though Alaska rates as the th state in population, its crime rate is the nd highest in the United States.
Maybe it's because it's a personal matter and even though he is a celebrity, some things are still meant to be kept private.
Cast and crew of The Beast expressed their feelings of being inspired by Swayze while shooting The Beast because even though the -year-old actor is gravely ill, he missed only one day of work.
Scandal-ridden politician Rod Blagojevich was slated to appear on the show as well, even though his actual "celebrity" status is questionable.
There is no sex on the tape itself, even though it is often referred to as a celebrity sex tape.
This hookup, even though it looks to be only of the "just friends" variety is, to most, a very transparent way for fame mongering Tequila to stay in the spotlight.
He was forced to attend classes to appear with the troupe and even though he wasn't enthusiastic about these studies at the time, they were instrumental in helping him achieve his breakthrough role.
Both companies turned a profit in  and even though Jay-Z no longer owns Roca, he's still hugely involved in the company and no doubt, getting paid.
Will Smith and Jada Pinkett-Smith - Even though these two tend to lie pretty low, they earned a combined $ million.
Tiger checks out of rehab in Mississippi, even though people claim to have spotted him everywhere from Manhattan to the Bahamas.
Of course, it's normal to get sick a few times each year; however, if you have a cold that just won't quit even though you've been fighting it for weeks, you might want to take a look at how much you're sleeping.
In most instances it's very easy to see the eyes darting back and forth even though the eyes are closed.
In the mind, the brain waves change and the person can see, hear, touch, and even smell things even though the body is not active.
While you sleep, your mind is very active and even though no one knows why dreams occur, they certainly can leave an impression.
Most people have anywhere from three to five REM cycles per night where dreams are experienced, and even though they aren't always remembered, dreams may be important.
This is why most people opt for infrared goggles, because even though they don't work quite as well as the expensive electronic goggles, they do work.
Night vision is an impressive optical technology that is able to take very faint, existing light and electronically magnify it so that you can see the world around you even though it is very dark.
It didn't take long for them to make their way from the docks to the back decks, the boats to the store aisles, even though their skid-resistant design was perfect (and made for) water activities.
Those that are labeled as Oakleys when they are not are often accompanied by a price close to that of a genuine pair of Oakleys, even though they are not being marketed legally.
Some shops and websites, however, will require a doctor's prescription before you are able to purchase the contact lenses even though the lenses are considered "non-prescription."
The history of eyeglasses is a very long one, even though it is sometimes muddled when historians cannot pinpoint exactly when an invention or improvement actually came about.
However, note that even though Eyeglass Direct claims to offer eyeglasses that are budget friendly, it is rather difficult to see the exact prices they are offering.
However, even though Mikado eyewear is designed to feel "non oppressive," you wouldn't be able to discern that from its highly durable and quality constructed frame.
Flash mirror coatings have reflective molecules spread further apart, so people can partially see your eyes, even though the lens surface is still highly reflective.
It's not all about looking at the world through rose-colored lenses, even though a good skiing trip could turn you into the life-loving optimist.
What's wonderful about this wide color selection is that even though there are bold shades like red and black, there are also colors that are more subtle and matte.
What you may like most about this look is that even though it's done in a gold frame, because of the world "Vogue" that's spelled out in fairly large lettering, the style still manages to covey a healthy sense of substance.
A roller coaster fanatic may think the Mad Hatter Tea Party is boring, even though a -year-old may beg to differ.
And even though it closed its doors after  years in , memories from this long-running family theme park, which originally touted the name LeSourdsville Lake Amusement Park, remain strong.
Many online retailers or auction sites sometimes sell systems, even though they are new, for $ to $ more than the suggested retail price.
By pre-ordering the game, you are guaranteed a copy on the day it's released or whenever you pick it up, even though the game is out-of-stock at other places.
Because computer users really didn't know any better, the game was a fairly decent success even though none of the graphics looked anything like the signature characters or imagery from the popular Batman comic book stories.
If you are one of the many fans of Sims , then you probably know that even though the game was originally launched in , by  Electronic Arts had sold over  million copies.
As an added bonus, the kills you make will go towards your experience even though your summoned creatures did majority of the damage.
Anyone who's played a Castlevania game remembers the Belmont, the cursed blood-lineage that has the power to hunt and defeat Dracula even though the pesky bugger keeps on reappearing throughout history.
I don't know if it's excusable that a developer didn't know the capabilities of the Dreamcast, but maybe Crave Entertainment didn't, even though every other rd party developer did.
And even though you might breeze through it rather quickly, the unlockable elements and the amount of fun the game has to offer and more than enough to keep you coming back for more.
In a somewhat baffling move, the board changed the rating for all of the versions of the game (it is available for the PC, Playstation  and Xbox) even though the sex scene could only be viewed in the computer version.
Prototypes like these are not typically released to the public, even though they may be created for a wide range of games.
I had to get mine off of Ebay, but I got them at a reasonable price, even though they are collector's items.
And even though Tetris has gone through several incarnations, the original formula still stands out as the best and by far the most addictive.
Afterburner is cleverly presented in -D even though the sprites are in -D and the same can be said of Sega's Outrun.
Xeon, even though it taxes system like no other program, is thought to be the best emulator of those out there because of it's capabilities.
It's not that the game is too easy, even though it is, it's that it's too simple, especially for a tycoon game.
Much like winning the Masters golf tournament, I decided that once a winner, it deserved a chance to defend its title, even though Parker hasn't bothered to rate it and the best score that Wine Spectator could muster was an .
Second, even though you don't need a reservation, frequently the bar fills up in no time and if you and a group are waiting to taste together, you may be waiting for a very long time.
It's trendy - Even though premium wine sold in a box is slower to catch on in the United States, wine lovers in Europe and Australia have been enjoying box wine for years.
A number of recipes people seem to reserve for camping adventures, even though they could also be prepared and enjoyed at home.
After a year, the value of the trailer has usually dropped considerably, even though the trailer itself is usually in great condition.
Sometimes, pieces can be aspirated into the lungs, and even though breathing returns to normal, wheezing, chest pain, persistent cough, and pneumonia can develop within a few days due to the foreign body in the lung.
Food intolerance is often put into the same category as food allergy, even though there may be an entirely different mechanism involved.
It is sometimes used in psychiatric evaluations to assess disordered thinking and in forensic examinations to evaluate crime suspects, even though it is not a diagnostic test.
In children, the definition of FUO is applied when fever has been present for  days with no apparent cause, even though physical examinations have been made and laboratory tests performed.
In a different context, that same person might instead insist on following social rules for the good of society, even though someone may suffer because of it.
The individual has either lengthy episodes of daytime sleep or episodes of daytime sleep on a daily basis even though he or she is sleeping normally at night.
Some people with retinoblastoma have inherited a non-functioning or missing RB gene from either their mother or father even though their parents have never developed retinoblastoma.
However, even though the innate temperament of a person cannot be modified, understanding the factors that influence the development of personality disorders (such as genetic risks and environmental factors) may help prevention.
Parents may find it particularly difficult when efforts to console the child fail and the child does not recognize them even though his or her eyes may be wide open.
Preschoolers will go out of their way to think and act like their friends, even though they know it may go against what they have been taught by their parents.
In most cases the child will bring up water that is offered during the acute phase of an attack even though he or she may be very thirsty.
This is an obstacle for some young people who do not want their parents contacted, even though the shelter does not press them to return home.
It is when they feel signs that an outbreak is about to start that they are particularly contagious, even though the skin still appears normal.
The pacifier may signal to a baby that crying is unacceptable even though crying is one of a baby's few means of communication.
Physicians may frequently prescribe many of the SSRI antidepressants besides fluoxetine (Prozac) for children to treat depression, even though they have not been approved for this use by the FDA.
Pipe and cigar smokers have increased health risks as well, even though these smokers generally do not inhale as deeply as cigarette smokers do.
However, some schools have a zero tolerance for violence so if two students are discovered in a fight, both are disciplined, often by suspension, even though one may be the bully and the other the victim.
Children under the age of five who become infected with hepatitis B are at high risk for chronic infection and severe liver damage and disease later in life, even though initially they may have no symptoms.
The show was a success, and even though there were creative disagreements with one of the principal performers, it was a fertile womb for the next wave of Irish cultural performance.
One of the peculiarities of it was the count - even though the music was almost always in / time, the dance started on the "and of three".
Tango has been called "the dance of the immigrants" because even though its roots are from the South American countries of Argentina and Uruguay, it developed in the seaport towns.
The show does not commit to how many ticket vouchers they are able to give out each week, and so even though the tickets are free, you will have to count on a little luck to get them in your hands.
The moonwalk is a signature dance move that everyone associates with Michael Jackson even though he didn't actually make it up, nor was he the first person to perform it in public.
The oldest form of dance, "kagura" was performed by Shinto shamans and is still practiced today at their shrines, even though it dates back to before the th century.
It may also be the case that even though there are no dance studios offering swing lessons in your region, every once in a while a public dance is held at a community center, YMCA, or other public venue.
They key thing every woman who suffers a miscarriage should realize is that even though she may feel like her world has been turned upside down, it really hasn't.
Months after your loss, that date will probably sneak up on you, and even though you may think you are over your miscarriage grief, this will be a hard day.
Many people neglect this part of their feng shui applications, focusing on other areas of the home or not realizing they can apply the same basic principles to their workplace, even though it may be part of a large building complex.
Not all beauty tools are created equal, and even though these simple hair removal devices may seem easy to choose, there are actually several different features to consider depending on the type of use they will be put to.
As men age, their hair follicles constrict, eventually growing shorter, finer hair and eventually ceasing to produce hair altogether, even though the follicles remain active.
It's a classy take on the standard dressy updo - even though the hair is held lower here, it still carries all the grace of a Hepburn-like updo.
Images of Ireland that many Irish find hugely offensive, such as leprechauns, have propagated the myth that all the Irish have red hair, even though very few do or ever have.
When it comes to highlights for dark brown hair, know that it can be done, even though it might take a lot of patience on your part, particularly if you are doing the coloring yourself.
However, even though they can be very helpful, there are pros and cons to applying for jobs found in search engines.
Remember that these homes are for sale "as is," and even though they may have been inspected, it may be in your best interest to obtain a private home inspection before making an offer or bid.
Therefore, even though foreclosures are commonly associated with houses, the proceeding can involve many different assets but are sometimes referred to in different terms.
The Department of Veterans Affairs does not set these interest rates, even though these loans are guaranteed through the VA.
The history of paper currency goes back to China in the th century, so even though using currency as a design paper in origami is a more modern trend, paper currency and origami have a common origin.
In addition, even though traditional origami does not involve cutting or gluing, sometimes these techniques are helpful to make a model a bit more durable.
Remember, even though a home pregnancy test may claim to be accurate as soon as five days prior to your next menstruation date, the test will be significantly more accurate if you wait until a week after your missed period.
About % of women will get a positive result the first day after they miss their period--but % of women will test negative even though they are pregnant.
Mom was not allowed to eat or drink anything after she was admitted to the hospital, even though she needed the sustenance for the hard work she was doing.
Oddly enough, you should not try to get pregnant while taking the drug, even though you're using it as a fertility treatment.
Doing all this and more can help you not only prepare well for enjoying a stress-free maternity leave, but it can also show your boss that you are a seriously efficient and responsible employee even though you're taking leave.
She is also viewed as a down-to-earth person and not caught up in all things Hollywood, even though her career is firmly entrenched in the movie capitol.
Did I give in to my spouse or partner just because s/he wanted another child, even though I do not?
Buying used maternity clothing isn't appealing to everyone even though it is a viable option for those interested in finding products from lines that are no longer in production.
If your stitches start to swell, become painful even though they were getting better, smell foul, or emit a discharge, they could be infected.
Canvas tends to fade with sun exposure, and even though it's very strong it's still possible to tear the fabric, especially when loading and unloading it from your vehicle.
Most retailers begin laying out their hot summer looks in April and May, even though most of us haven't taken our vacation yet.
Users find these shorts sexy, even though they are on the longer side, and have found that they can run a bit big.
If you just want high-quality shorts that allow for maximum movement even though they weren't specifically designed for freestyle work, consider Quiksilver's eco board shorts.
Indeed, even though she was in excellent condition for the Shape cover, there were those in the blogosphere who snarked about her waist, thighs and stomach.
The bottoms are high cut in classic 's style, but the suit might be considered modest by some modern standards, even though the overall effect is still very sexy.
It means that this is one of the rare bikinis that are not see-through. and that even though the suit has a thong back, it actually provides more fabric coverage than the Open Minded bikini.
Men are likely to feel less like they're going to fall out of this design, even though it is still a rather small swimsuit.
You'll like this look because even though it has a G-string bottom, it still offers a little more coverage than the micro bikini look.
A seven-year-old girl may need a size  or  these days, even though her heart and soul are still only seven.
Unfortunately, Selena's parents divorced when she was just five years old, but even though her father and mother parted ways, that didn't stop this bubbly actress from perusing and fulfilling some of her larger goals.
Further, the bikini top ties around the neck while the bikini bottom ties on the sides, and even though this suit costs $., you may not mind due to its adjustable sliding triangle top and sliver strip detail.
You may prefer this style because even though the sides of this bikini bottom are just mere scraps of string, this won't impede the desired fabric coverage.
While it would be considered a modest swimsuit by modern standards, it was widely credited at the time with legitimizing the bikini and making it acceptable, even though the aforementioned style had been around since .
Whether you shop online or in a brick and mortar store, you want an easy return policy because even though an item may be sized for a two-year-old, it can be too big or small for your little one.
A kids' life jacket that is too big can cause the child to have trouble keeping their face out of the water even though the life jacket is bobbing on the surface.
For the most part, men have to decide between g-string styles, thong styles and Speedo looks, but keep in mind that even though the pickings are slim, what is available on the market can be quite provocative.
What makes this style stand out is that even though the skirt portion of the suit is done in basic black, the style does house a rather attractive and well-placed thigh slit along the front.
Many people also state that even though the recommended age is up to  years-old on the Little Tikes -in- Adjustable Playground, they feel that the maximum age should be  years-old.
Yet the company's website is arranged in such a logical fashion that even though there's an enormous number of products to choose from consumers can easily search or locate the exact supplement they require within two clicks of the mouse.
Cancer patients and doctors claim there are incredible benefits to taking high doses of vitamin C intravenously, even though it has long been discredited by the medical community.
The trendy clothes were well-made and came in sizes from -, showing some nice attention to plus size women who wanted to be stylish, even though the actress herself is petite.
They're generally effortless even though they'll leave you looking like you got all dressed up and put in some serious effort.
If you are daring and have become attached to the unit you have even though it doesn't brew on time or does not stop brewing even after all the water is gone, it's probably time to replace the digital timer.
To make matters even more difficult, some manufacturers put the HEPA tag on their product, even though it features a HEPA-type filter.
The discontinued items are then sold at a heavy discount, even though there is absolutely nothing wrong with these products.
It's up to you to help your supporters understand that your organization really is able to benefit from their participation even though there's no need for them to spend money above and beyond what they've already budgeted for.
Music lovers sometimes have a difficult time finding a recording of it, even though it's often heard in winter concerts or in marching bands.
But, even though customs have changed slightly over the years, Christmas trees still add magic and cheer to cold winter nights.
This is important not only for making a memorable entrance, but also so that whomever you are with is recognizable, even though they are hidden by a mask.
An intimate online relationship with someone who is underage is a federal offense and can lead to jail time even though you have never met the individual in person.
For example, the couple who continues to stroke each other during business meetings may make other employees uncomfortable, even though they are not the direct target of harassment.
Or, they claim to be acting a certain way because they love you, even though it makes you feel bad.
It also should help explain why you're more willing to go back with him even though you know that the love won't last (because in the moment it feels good to you too).
The majority of teens meet their boyfriend or girlfriend in the physical world-at school, camp, church, etc. Even though they may have met offline, teens can use webcams to maintain their relationships.
In your question, you say that, Even though I know he is still in a relationship with someone else, I want more.
At the same time, he had met me and thought I was worth pursuing even though he still was not sure that he had resolved the old relationship.
This means that even though nothing may be going on between you and this -year-old girl, a mandated reporter has an obligation to report the relationship to the police if they suspect that you are behaving inappropriately.
Do not feel bad about yourself because even though you may really like her, there are plenty of other women out there who deserve a caring and loving man such as yourself.
I would like it if we could have the kind of relationship in which it's safe to tell each other things even though it may hurt the others feelings.
The safest bet, even though it requires a bit more creativity, is to use words that can be suggestive without being blatant.
Spa trip - Even though some men don't like to admit it, most everyone likes to be pampered, whether it's with a massage, a facial or a hair or nail treatment.
Just be careful not to jump to conclusions because some people may do these things even though they are telling the truth.
You may even start to tell yourself that you may want to get back together with the person, even though that is not in your or your ex's best interest.
Each person knows that the relationship isn't going anywhere so it's not so much of a sting when the breakup happens, even though there is still sorrow to deal with.
While you don't want to have sex or kiss her, a friendly hug will show that you still care about her even though you don't want to continue the relationship.
The real magic of dating happens when you meet in person, so even though you're using free online dating websites, try to get together with your matches as soon as possible.
Give yourself a dose of confidence and realize that even though girls can seem like a mystery, they are really not that different from you.
These words are indicative of one man's desire to be with the woman for as long as he possibly can even though he will be gone the following day.
They'll invite you to a sports game even though you've never expressed an interest or when you say "I like action movies" they'll only hear "movies" and take you to a hip-hop dance flick because they think that's what women like.
Men might try to put ideas into your mind by saying you've made a pass at them even though you didn't do anything.
Would you like to do some of things I am interested in doing even though you don't usually do them?
If the earrings are hook styles, continue to use a sturdy back even though the earrings are naturally harder to remove.
Not all jewelers qualify as engagement ring boutiques, even though it is possible to buy a suitable engagement ring at nearly any jewelry chain, local artisan, or elite designer.
While a "solitaire" initially means a single stone, many jewelers market rings as solitaires even though they may use miniscule diamond chips as accents or embellishments.
The engaged couple should send thank you notes to everyone for attending the party, even though there were no gifts.
People with nickel allergies may want to be aware of nickel content, even though the amount of nickel in the finished product may be too small to cause irritation in most individuals.
As a result, your body does not absorb the nutrition it needs even though you are eating a healthy diet.
Instead, they offer fashionable, fun, trendy, and affordable bags that can be distinguished from the original designers, even though the influences can't be hidden.
It's difficult to buy anything "sight unseen" because even though every website mentioned above offers pictures of the products they offer, you still cannot tell how the materials feel or really see the quality of the construction.
Once you know your budget, even though it may be difficult, do yourself a favor and try to stick to it!
This is a specially made deck, one that's seemingly full of inscrutable esoteric symbols, and even though it's currently out of mass publication, that fact has done nothing to lesson the interest many have for these particular tarot cards.
For example, even though Aries and Leo are both fire signs, one is Cardinal/Fire (Aries) and the other is Fixed/Fire (Leo).
This means that even though the mind and matter are linked, the mind is able to rise above the material world (Saturn).
There has also been much interpretation of Nostradamus' theories as signaling the end of the World in , even though the quatrains referenced bear no discussion of .
Planets and points indicating astrological compatibility vary, and even though they are individualistic in their energy, each coveys a certain flavor and dimension to the feeling of love.
He'll treat them to ice cream even though he knows it's too close to dinner because he recognizes that particular moment won't ever come again.
Another caveat to keep in mind about Sagittarius is that, even though these people are quite intelligent and well spoken, they can sometimes come across as lecturing, arrogant and even pompous.
Some of the game links take users to approved partner sites, which parents should monitor even though Disney has pre-approved them.
It teaches young children that even though mommy or daddy's face is hidden, he or she will reappear in a matter of seconds when the hands are removed.
Finding free dolls is also possible, even though they are not as common now as they were over a century ago.
It is a parent's choice to drink, and even though they may try to place blame on others around them, it is still their decision.
Overall, this movie seems like it is just bits and pieces of other funnier movies, such as Office Space, and yet even though it is a compilation of the best of the best, in the end, it isn't as funny.
There is an abundance of recent reviews for Casablanca, because even though the movie was released many years ago it has remained prevalent in the entertainment industry thanks to VHS and DVDs.
Both Kristen Stewart and Taylor Lautner refer to this as the "break up" scene, even though the two are not technically breaking up.
Some see cartoon characters and write the film off as child-friendly even though there are several cartoons that are not intended for children.
He also is trying to find the love of a sweet girl even though her mother seems more interested than she does.
All three men were convicted of plotting against King Charles I, and even though they were already dead and interred at Westminster Abbey, they were found guilty by the court.
This may be a need to understand why you are afraid of heights, or why a certain song brings you to tears even though you've never heard it before.
Later, he told Fran that his future plans didn't include becoming a worldwide spiritual leader, even though it sounded "cool".
However, numerous people have reported seeing full body apparitions even though paranormal investigators have found it exceedingly difficult to capture clear evidence on film.
When they arrived at the gas station, the man offered to pay for the gas, even though Savalas hadn't said anything abut not having any money with him.
However, you might be interested in learning about some of the lesser known haunted houses even though they are considered the most haunted.
Men who play in rock bands flaunt their masculinity, even though many have long hair and some have been known to strut across stages in high-heeled shoes.
You'll love this shoe because even though four inches is still relatively high, the wedge design makes it much easier to walk in.
He continues, "So, there was A LOT of learning in the beginning - anywhere from learning how to produce the shoes to getting US retail stores to buy them, to selling shoes even though we had no inventory of them!"
Then and now, the site is just something I maintain from my home office, even though I get plenty of visitors who think the networks run it.
But even though Armando recognizes Betty's intelligence, he still hires a second secretary as window dressing for the front lobby.
As it turns out, Deb always loved to sing even though she couldn't carry a tune until she inherited Jane's pipes.
No one can know about their love affair, yet even though they know they shouldn't be together, they do not want to be apart.
Yet, even though a character may be gone for a year or two or even more, that doesn't mean they're totally forgotten.
Addison can't stop thinking about Pete, and even though they consider taking their relationship further, once he stands her up, they decide to just stay friends.
If the site appears swollen and/or feels painful even though the tattoo itself has healed, there may be a deep infection.
