
There's something completely hilarious but also slightly disturbing about seeing dozens upon dozens of crab legs shaking about in the air.The scale at which the game progresses is an amazing thing to behold.
The result is a hilarious insight into the two " performers " on their respective stages in the style of a fascist rally.
A sharply satirical look at our attitude to politics and politicians, this is a hilarious play and well worth seeing.
Wonderful Viennese music combined with an exuberant and hilarious new libretto sung in English, all adds up to unmissable entertainment!
Boo and Baa's hilarious brand of straight-faced humor and silly misadventures have enormous appeal for preschoolers, whether domestically inclined or not.
Many other cheerleaders will freely share their cheers online, and it's great to read how they come up with their ideas and the clever (and hilarious) new cheers, chants, and routines they manage.
Though some will have actual talents, such as singing, that can be done anywhere, the improvised talents of most kids will be hilarious for everyone to watch.
If you look closely, however, you'll see that the stripe resembles the X-ray of a spine, making the shirt both a bit creepy and hilarious.
With the tagline "They might not be the best, but they're the best we got," this hilarious show is filled with comedians wearing mirrored aviator glasses.
For a hilarious way to spend an evening, pull out the Scattegories board game and see how many of your family members think alike!
The carefully chosen hilarious birthday card will strike the right comedic note and make the birthday boy or girl laugh out loud after reading the punch line.
Decorate a tree in your yard just like it's a Christmas tree - palm trees are particularly hilarious decked out in twinkling lights.
Bachelorette party games that only require a few common household supplies and some imagination are sometimes the most hilarious games to play.
Wayne Brady is entertaining when he works solo, having previously shown his talent and charisma on the hilarious Whose Line Is It Anyway.
A timeless tale of true love and vengeance, The Princess Bride is a classic film and a hilarious fairy tale satire.
The same role in the ' version is played by Bill Murray, and the crazed sadist dentist is an equally hilarious Steve Martin.
If you are new to Robot Chicken and don't know if you've missed something hilarious or sarcastic, start with The Plugg.
If you use your MySpace page to promote your business, adding hilarious MySpace graphics on a regular basis is an effective way to attract frequent visitors to your page.
A vast number of hilarious Myspace graphics are available for free downloading, but before you overload your page, consider some basic rules of etiquette.
From kids making hilarious observations about the world around them to accidentally walking into a telephone pole, these situations can all make for good Facebook status updates.
When Randy heard the name, he said he'd seen a production performed at college and how hilarious it was when they find the skeleton.
Finally came the hilarious Welcome To West Texas, a song about the local weather which would make even Manchester's weather seem balmy.
If you have a digital camera, an example of typical geeky attire, and a hilarious human body then you can help.
Blue Vinyl (USA , Sun  March .) is a hilarious yet hard-hitting documentary on the world of industrial poisoning.
He even has the show stealing scene where he kicks some serious butt in an unintentionally hilarious battle with bad guy Count Dooku.
It is hilarious that an invented prohibition of splitting infinitives should have such an impact even today without people even knowing why.
Even tho it's content may hinder on the offensive and vulgar in some parts, its all in good jest and absolutely hilarious.
Actor Steve Guttenberg's directorial debut of comic misadventures is a hilarious, pitch black comedy based on James Kirkwood's cult classic novel.
I wouldn't say " Game On " is a classic but it is a brilliant show with plenty of vicious & hilarious one-liners.
It contains stories that have won readers polls, that have won foreign prizes, and a few that are just out-and-out hilarious.
But his wife, in cahoots with her lover and her servant, cleverly outwits his befuddled attempts to expose her with hilarious consequences.
It has given opportunities to tidy around the house - or just a breather- while Laura laughs out loud at those hilarious puppets!!
However, the following links will take you straight to some hilarious cat clips without spending hours sifting through millions of sites!
Told from the point of view of a dog and featuring hilarious animals galore, the Bunnicula books deal with a family's recently adopted baby rabbit that may possibly be a vampire.
Frank'n Styne is a hilarious take on the Frankenstein story as the great grandson of the original comes to Castle Styne as heir to the mysteries of his predecessors, but it's the score that really steals the show!
For the guy whose style is as irreverent and light as his sense of humor, wearing hilarious T shirts is one way to let the world know he doesn't take himself too seriously.
If you want to spread the good cheer and the positive energy that is Life is Good, throw on one of their hilarious t shirts and feel the difference a positive thought can make.
Grab your true blues and pair them with a tank top and a hilarious t shirt, then take the evening chill off with an equally deconstructed hoodie, such as this style from hip designer Dragonfly.
As might be expected, most of the funny hunting T shirts available feature jokes that are more groan-worthy than actually hilarious.
This carried over when comedy troupes brought their work to television, most famously with the Monty Python team, who regularly employed drag to hilarious effect.
And as fans of the film can attest, there are plenty of hilarious (but subtly so) shirts to choose from.
Swap out the sugar for salt (not advisable for some people on their first cup of coffee), but it can be hilarious to see expressions after they've had a chance to wake up some.
There are also plenty of colors to choose from, so you can give Flo the look you've always dreamed of or one that you think is completely outrageous and hilarious.
Each thing you consume gives you a different amount of stamina, as well as an often hilarious remark from Snake.
There, people freely share their video game spoofs, mostly with hilarious live action re-enactments of video game moments or with movies inspired by popular titles.
Prints range from conservative solids to hilarious animal patterns, and your child's shorts are available in the same styles as well.
While the game is very simple to play, kids and adults alike love the hilarious associations that are made between words.
Hilarious high-tech holiday cards come alive with the click of a mouse, so you can wish your special someone a Merry Christmas laced with a litany of laugh out loud moments.
You will once you view this hilarious ecard which features Santa dancing to "Cotton-Eyed Joe" while Mrs. Claus jams in the background with a bunch of elves playing the guitar and saxophone.
And they were off, interrupting one another, echoing and talking over one another in a hilarious tribute to Altmanesque dialog.
The Netflix comedy section stays well stocked, so whether you're just looking for a pick-me-up on a Wednesday or a hilarious Saturday evening well spent, they'll have a movie for you.
While Saturday Night Live clips and faux news by The Onion is likely to be a favorite for many, there are plenty of sites out there that produce hilarious content.
Over the years, Saturday Night Live's hilarious Spartans cheerleaders appeared in about  episodes of the late night comedy show.
Women everywhere wanted to model their bodies after pop culture icons like the glamorous Lana Turner and the hilarious Lucille Ball.
Although the first things that come to mind are probably the innovative animation and hilarious sight gags offered by the classic Warner Bros. series, the soundscape that the artists created was just as legendary and just as fantastic!
Friends, family members, classmates, and other notable individuals can offer their reminiscences of the graduate's personality and education in nostalgic and hilarious way.
Though a number of hilarious birthday cards are as wholesome as apple pie, it is wise to choose the card carefully.
Chronicling the exploits of Zim, an alien visitor bent on destroying earth, his frenetic and hilarious robot GIR, and Dib, his archenemy, Invader Zim took a dark and witty look at modern life.
Billy Crystal as Miracle Max paired with Carol Kane as his wife are hilarious together and Christopher Guest plays a wonderful right hand man to the villainous Prince Humperdink, portrayed by Chris Sarandon.
Hilarious MySpace comments are entertaining and a great way to make someone you know smile sweetly or fall over laughing.
For nearly  years, Weird Al Yankovic has been creating hilarious song parodies and original compositions, and Weird Al Yankovic MP downloads allow you to enjoy the humor on the computer or portable music player of your choice.
The second is that Shakespeare captures entirely different moods from hilarious good humor to deep depression and remorse closely adjacent to one another.
While many women are familiar with waxing as a hair removal technique, a lot of men have no knowledge of it outside of that hilarious (if not painful) scene in the film The  Year-Old Virgin with Steve Carrell.
The sight of pregnant Lego Padme is bizarre and hilarious, and the few beheadings and torso-severings will either have you chuckling with glee or pondering if Lego-on-Lego violence can indeed be disturbing (the answer is no).
Grandma may not appreciate a card with sexual innuendos at her th birthday party, but a far-away friend with an overactive imagination might find it hilarious when he opens it privately at home.
