
He did not live to complete his poem, but happily he carried it up to the point where the original fragments _.
A tow-haired boy happily dropped a Marlboro cigarette box in the churning water and then ran downstream to monitor its progress.
His temper was what the French happily call a difficult one, and his life was consequently enlivened or disturbed by various literary quarrels.
There was no music as Desiree walked down the aisle, but the guests happily obliged by humming "Here Comes the Bride" as she made her grand entrance and everyone stood up to greet her.
Of late there have happily appeared some decorators who prefer to choose their subjects from the natural field in which their great predecessors excelled, and there is reason to hope that this more congenial and more pleasing style will supplant its modern usurper.
After viewing the work, the judges found one clear winner, and more than a few they could happily send packing.
Many retailers will happily send you swatches of fabric from their area rugs to give you a better idea of how the rug looks and feels in person.
Happily Ever After is a shape cartridge that features characters from Mulan, Cinderella, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, and Sleeping Beauty.
This brown, postbound album has a storybook font on the front and back featuring, "Once Upon A Time" and "Happily Ever After" in a glitter finish that does not rub off.
With dozens of options for these fairy tale trinkets, a couple does not need to be limited to obvious symbols, and even subtle accents can bring together the wedding décor to lead to the couple's happily ever after.
They did give a formal statement to their fans stating, "We happily remain committed and caring friends with great love and admiration for one another."
Eileen Fisher plus size clothing is a happily enchanting mix of premium branded quality, sustainability (think natural fibers), and simplicity.
Happily, there are ways to ensure that a CPAP machine always has power, even during power outages or when traveling to places without electricity.
They happily date, while you sit and wait for day three to come around, so you can finally make your move.
There was nothing at all within a few feet of him, aside from knee-high wild flowers waving happily in the spring breeze.
Happily for Kaikobad, the princes mistrusted the power of the Egyptian, and it proved a difficult task to penetrate through the mountainous, well-fortified accesses to the interior of Asia Minor, so that the advantage rested with Kaikobad, who took Kharput, and for some time even held Harran, Ar-Roha and Rakka ().
Happily for his honour, the charm which held him captive was at length broken by no gentle or friendly hand.
After noting that her fans are "the best" Ashlee Simpson announced that "Yes, we are thrilled to announce that we are happily engaged."
Representatives for both Ashlee and Pete declined to comment stating that they had no additional news outside of the fact that the two are "happily engaged."
You can often pick up these legends for as little as $ or $ and get hours worth of gameplay for which many of your peers happily paid full price.
If you're rocking the Verizon or Telus versions of the Chocolate phone, you can very happily expand your handset's memory with a microSD memory card.
The tears will dry when the parents leave; in response to children's tears, it is useful to minimize the problem and leave happily, assuring young children about the parents' return.
While the world anxiously awaits news of the new baby, Julianna and her new husband happily prepare for its arrival.
Hotel staff and catering services will happily work with you to get your event off the ground and help make it impressively memorable.
Human kind saw the two piece swimsuit and decided it was even better, and women happily began wearing two piece bikinis to the beaches and pools.
Happily, there is quite a lengthy discussion pertaining exclusively to these particular swimsuits, so you should be able to garner plenty of different opinions about the suits' merits.
But I just got married to a really great guy, so I'm not a bitter man-hater, I'm actually a happily married woman!
Your Gemini lover must have a good time doing just about everything or he isn't going to do it, at least not happily.
If you and your love interest don't match up perfectly on a love match chart, who says you can't be the rule-breaking couple that defies the odds and lives happily ever after?
However, the good news is that Aries people rarely stay angry for long; they will erupt in anger for a few minutes, but they'll happily move on to something else once the initial explosion is over.
If he's involved with a selfish woman, he will suffer greatly before he's forced to give up his ideal of happily ever after.
Aries happily takes up his challenges and does so in a way that often motivates and inspires others to follow suit.
Mr. Krabs is very money-oriented and he loves the fact that SpongeBob happily works in his restaurant for a miserly salary.
Marriage and what it means for the people involved-the key to life is not always to find a rich man and expect that to make you live happily ever after.
A simple Internet search will yield many more General Hospital discussion boards and chat rooms, providing you with the perfect opportunity to meet a virtual friend or two who will happily update you on all you may be missing.
In each of the three telenovelas, Thalia portrays a poor Maria in her quest for love, acceptance and a happily ever after.
Her character was happily married when the series began and even gave birth to a son, but her dedication and long hours wore thin on her husband until their marriage finally dissolved.
Happily, changing a watch band is very straightforward and watch makers including Wenger make the process simple for their customers.
Indeed, those jelly rolls that never saw the light of day under thick winter sweaters are about to resurface, and there's even a chance they have grown quite happily.
A body that is overburdened by stress hormones or is carrying around extra weight is a body that does not always happily comply with what the person inside that body wants.
This relatively new development means that men can take comfort in knowing that they can now, quite happily, sidestep the debate.
Happily, manufacturers have come up with a number of ways to offer good support in plus size bras without using underwires.
You'd think that all of this passion and drama would result in at least a few lucky couples enjoying a happily ever after, but unfortunately that's not usually the case.
Gene Simmons' and his Playboy Playmate of the Year partner, Shannon Tweed, have been happily unmarried for more than  years.
The burgeoning reality TV star called the surgery a "wonderful gift to mothers" and happily agreed to have Dr. Glassman perform the procedure.
In the original three Star Wars films, fans wonder if he'll win the heart of Princess Leia, defeat the evil empire, and live happily ever after.
It is only fair to notice that while the latter, according to Defoe's more usual practice, is allowed to repent and end happily, Roxana is brought to complete misery; Defoe's morality, therefore, required more repulsiveness in one case than in the other.
Every consideration was shown to the Imperial troops and the Imperial civil authorities, who were allowed to vacate their posts without being subjected to force, and the universal rejoicings of a liberated people were happily marred by no scenes of violence.
The designs were identical with those in favour with the goldand silver-smiths of the period, which was happily one when exceptionally good taste prevailed.
He now attacked more in detail but not more happily than before Wallis's great work, while hardly attempting any further defence of his own positions; also he repelled with some force and dignity the insults that had been heaped upon him, and fought the verbal points, but could not leave the field without making political insinuations against his adversary, quite irrelevant in themselves and only noteworthy as evidence of his own resignation to Cromwell's rule.
Happily, Johnson soon had an opportunity of proving most signally that his failure was not to be ascribed to intellectual decay.
The period is closed, so far as paintings are concerned, by two examples of far higher value than those above named, that is to say the Paumgartner altarpiece at Munich, with its romantically attractive composition of the Nativity with angels and donors in the central panel, and the fine armed figures of St George and St Eustace (lately freed from the over-paintings which disfigured them) on the wings; and the happily conceived and harmoniously finished "Adoration of the Magi" in the Uffizi at Florence.
The last happily broke down the western side of the crater, which, it is believed, will ensure the city against harm in any subsequent eruption.
Happily for these unfortunate doctors, they had scarcely reached Adana, when news of the caliph's death arrived and they were brought back to Bagdad.
In the case of Epicureanism we can happily judge of the tyranny of the literal tradition by a comparison of Lucretius with the recorded doctrine of the master.
The scientific movement had happily been content for the time with a half which, then and there at least, was more than the whole.
The plainness and directness, both of thought and of expression, which characterize Homer were doubtless qualities of his age; but the author of the Iliad (like Voltaire, to whom Arnold happily compares him) must have possessed the national gift in a surpassing degree.
The House of Commons recognized in him its spoilt child, and Burke happily said that "he never thought, did or said anything" without judging its effect on his fellow members.
Karl Schwarz happily remarks that, as the English apologists of the th century were themselves infected with the poison of the deists whom they end eavoured to refute, so Tholuck absorbed some of the heresies of the rationalists whom he tried to overthrow.
This approximation between the two governments was happily followed by friendly feelings between the two nations, under the pressure of a common danger.
Chile, however, except in the Balmacedist civil war, is happily distinguished by its freedom from revolution and serious political unrest.
Anne spent the rest of her life happily in England at Richmond or Bletchingley, occasionally visiting the court, and being described as joyous as ever, and wearing new dresses every day!
The gallery as a whole has been happily arranged, and there are few great painters of whom it does not contain one or more examples.
Drury lost his only daughter, and in  Donne published an extravagant elegy on her, entitled An Anatomy of the World, to which he added in  a Progress of the Soul on the same subject; he threatened to celebrate the "blessed Maid," Elizabeth Drury, in a fresh elegy on each anniversary of her death, but he happily refrained from the third occasion onwards.
We cannot do this, but of happily the grains in a sand formation differ very widely in diameter, and if, from the interstices between the larger grains in the neighbourhood of an orifice, we can remove the finer grains, the resistance to flow of water is at once enormously reduced.
Laromiguiere taught the philosophy of Locke and Condillac, happily modified on some points, with a clearness and grace which in appearance at least removed difficulties, and with a charm of spiritual bonhomie which penetrated and subdued."
I of Wight fit in happily with the English annals constructed long centuries after by King Alfreds scribes in the first edition of the AngloSaxon Chronicle.
The Peerage Bill, introduced at the same time to limit the royal power of creating peers, was happily thrown out in the Commons.
Happily the sultan allowed the mosaic figures, then exposed to view, to be covered with matting before being plastered over.
Such are the evangelical principle of " doing as you would be done by the principle of justice, or " giving every man his own, and letting him enjoy it without interference "; and especially what More states as the abstract formula of benevolence, that " if it be good that one man should be supplied with the means of living well and happily, it is mathematically certain that it is doubly good that two should be so supplied, and so on."
He explains that though absolute good is discerned by the intellect, the " sweetness and flavour " of it is apprehended, not by the intellect proper, but by what he calls a " boniform faculty "; and it is in this sweetness and flavour that the motive to virtuous conduct lies; ethics is the " art of living well and happily," and true happiness lies in " the pleasure which the soul derives from the sense of virtue."
It is interesting to notice that a certain number of kenningar (poetical paraphrases) have survived from the old school even to the present day, though the mass of them have happily perished.
Happily, however, at the beginning of the th century Irish agriculture presented two new features which can be described without necessarily arousing any party question - the work of the Department of Agriculture and the spread of the principle of co-operation.
Happily an accident which caused Richards death at the siege of Chalus, and the evil imbecility of his brother and sue- Philip cessor, John Lackland, brilliantly restored the fortunes Augustus of the Capets.
But Philip in his turn nearly allowed himself to be led into an attempt at annexing England, and so reversing for his own benefit the work of the Angevins (); but, happily for the future of the dynasty, Pope Innocent UI.
A tumult of applause from every part of Europe followed its publication; and it would be difficult to find in any language a book in which animation and elegance of style are so happily combined with strength and clearness of scientific exposition.
In the musicals, the guy is bewitched and they live happily ever after, but mom knew a fable when she met one.
It was totally hassle-free, and they happily accommodated all our special requirements and adapted the building to meet our needs.
So a new anesthetic was needed that was not so dangerous to use The story does not end happily, however.
The tremendous growth of competition in the s and s happily coincided with great strides forward in the availability of electronic technology.
A pair of males will live happily together and as with Mongolian gerbils appear to become very attached to their partners.
She let out one shout of protest at the indignity of the cold air on her skin, then snuggled happily into me.
I will happily place anything in the anchor text to help your search engine visibility - just let me know your requirements.
Copernicus was seized with apoplexy and paralysis towards the close of , and died on the th of May , happily unconscious that the fine Epistle, in which he had dedicated his life's work to Paul III., was marred of its effect by an anonymous preface, slipt in by Andreas Osiander (-), with a view to disarming prejudice by insisting upon the purely hypothetical character of the reasonings it introduced.
These men and their followers were never weary of ridiculing the timid caution of the aged statesman who sacrificed everything to perpetuate an inglorious peace and derisively nicknamed his adherents " Night-caps " (a term subsequently softened into " Caps "), themselves adopting the sobriquet " Hats," from the threecornered hat worn by officers and gentlemen, which was considered happily to hit off the manly self-assertion of the opposition.
He paced up and down his room, now turning his thoughts on a difficult problem and frowning, now suddenly shrugging his shoulders and wincing, and now smiling happily.
We happily scoff down mayonnaise, take a deep breath of sea air or light candles yet all of these things produce free nanoparticles.
If it was n't for the fact I get married in a month I 'd happily be a spinster with cats.
Regardless of when you begin, your baby will be happily eating a variety of foods in no time at all.
Your baby can happily rock back and forth or twist around in his chair as he plays with the many attached objects on the center.
At one moment, they are happily playing and the next moment it is clear that a nap is desperately needed.
Pick a pet name you can live with under these circumstances, and you and the kitten will live happily ever after.
Greg hides but is happily relieved to come out and find that the rumor that spread wasn't the real "secret" but some story about Greg and a girls' locker room.
I look forward to both of us happily raising our children in the beauty and rich tradition of the Greek culture.
You can end up with that happily ever after and reduce a lot of the stress associated with building or remodeling a home if you plan ahead.
Live happily ever after with a fairy tale theme where each couple picks their favorite story and dresses the part.
By understanding the special needs of a Caribbean wedding and where to find the most popular options, couples can choose the perfect stretch of sand to begin their happily ever after.
Choosing or writing personal wedding vows is a intimate and romantic way to customize a wedding ceremony while expressing love, friendship, trust, and commitment for a happily ever after.
What they always are, however, is a personal expression of a couple's love and commitment they can carry to their happily ever after.
It's the start of your happily ever after, and that should be reflected in every aspect of the wedding - starting with the invitations.
A wedding, after all, is a couple's fairy tale come true and the beginning of their happily ever after, so what better way to invite your guests to share your special day than with princess-style invitations?
Princess wedding invitations help set the tone for a royal celebration to remember and a fantasy day that will begin your happily ever after marriage.
Couples who plan ahead, however, can create a wedding aisle that provides the perfect path into their happily ever after.
When Nicole Richie took a happily married man to a strip club on The Simple Life, it caused a "minor discord" according to The Acorn.
You can take your family pajama sets one step further by throwing a matching dog shirt into the mix, an item which PajamaGram happily offers.
The beauty of Maui combined with the luxury of a cruise is an unforgettable way to begin a happily ever after.
Cruise ship weddings are a remarkable way for a couple to begin their life together as they set sail into their happily ever after.
At Kew there is a group of this purple-leaved variety near the Palm House, amongst which is planted Lilium candidum, and nothing could more happily set off the beauty of this Lily.
Phyllostachys Heterocycla Aurea - The distinctive name aurea is not very happily chosen, for there is nothing golden about the plant, unless it be the yellow stems, and these are not peculiar to the variety named.
Rather than seeing them as pests, view your common garden spiders as long-term exterminators who happily provide their services free of charge.
But don't worry, they are a peace-loving, happily rolling clan, and welcome one and all, so wear what makes you happiest.
Here you'll find no dearth of opinions, and happily the majority of those opinions are quite favorable (many give the jeans over a four-star rating).
Whether single and actively looking for love or happily married, and stepping out with your spouse, more likely than not, you'll want to look nice.
Happily, there are plenty of styles to choose from, but with such a large selection available, it may be difficult to decide on just the right look.
Ask any petite woman and she'll probably tell you that she'd happily gain two pounds if it meant gaining two inches in height!
Eventually though, as in most Christmas specials, the town is won over by the magic of the season, and everyone lives happily ever after.
It's brilliant to know where to look for the answers, though, so both teens can learn and grow long after the relationship's over (barring the occurrence of a happily ever after scenario with marriage to your sweetheart).
In the midst of a hectic day, suddenly having your phone happily buzz with a romantic thought from someone is bound to improve your mood.
A polyamorous relationship is not better or worse than any other kind, but it has enabled many people to live and love together happily when other kinds of relationships don't work.
If you are a happily married individual seeking a causal affair you will need to navigate the dating waters carefully on a married dating site.
Announcements are the first in a long paper trail that documents a couple's journey toward their happily ever after, followed by save-the-date cards, wedding invitations, wedding announcements, and a marriage license.
Couples often think happily ever after begins with the marriage proposal, however more than a ring or romantic proposal is needed, for a happy, fulfilling marriage.
With personable, knowledgeable service and a wide range of styles and prices, the company offers everything a couple needs to start on their journey toward happily ever after.
Just like celebrity engagement rings, Hollywood engagement rings can spark trends in bridal jewelry fashion and design off the screen as interested fans draw inspiration from the movie world's happily ever afters.
In an attempt to find that perfect happily ever after, couples may emulate the rings and proposals of their favorite Hollywood flicks.
Her stunned surprise was capped with an enthusiastic response, and the couple became happily engaged with instant celebrity status for such a daring and public proposal.
It can be a challenge to determine ring size properly, but if it is carefully measured at the right time, the ring will be a perfect fit happily ever after.
Edwardian  stone rings are among the types of antique rings showing up on the hands of both new brides and happily married wives.
If you are a fan of the story, would you happily accept a Twilight engagement ring or would you be disappointed in the ring choice?
Wear Juicy!" and whether you're happily hitting the beach or the slopes this season, Juicy Couture has a bag for you!
Inform family and friends that you are trying to stick to a budget with school supplies and that you'll happily take any school related items they may be clearing away as unwanted clutter.
At Amazon, you can find many different backpacks to suit your personality and happily many of these bags are pretty affordable with prices, where prices like $. are the rule, rather than the exception.
Further, because of the way the pair is drawn (with plenty of movement), it's easy to imagine that the two are happily singing on their way to school.
Swiss Army is well known for their watches and specially made pocket knives, and happily, Swiss Army backpacks reflect the high craftsmanship that many laud the company for.
This means that he has looked past the physical (even if you are attractive) straight into your heart, and, happily, he likes what he sees!
When Donna's portrayer Candice Earley left the show in , Donna and Chuck were able to live their happily ever after off screen.
For women who had spent several years wearing threadbare pajamas or chemises to bed, this was an unheard of opulence, and happily embraced.
One of the best things about Serenity is the fact that all of the original actors from the series have returned to their roles, slipping comfortably and happily into their Firefly skins.
Happily, Google spends an equal amount of time and resources trying to figure out ways to thwart that particular strategy, and they tend to be better at it than the search engine hackers.
In the meantime, I've got to run out this morning to meet with my financial manager to adjust my plan now that I'm happily unemployed.
Possibly, fuller study of religions may help theologians to formulate the imperial claims of Christianity more happily than in the dry contrast between what is " revealed " and what is " natural."
He assures us that his tutor did not complain of any inaptitude on the pupil's part, and that the pupil was as happily unconscious of any on his own; but here he broke off.
The scenery of Formosa is frequently of majestic beauty, and to this it is indebted for its European name, happily bestowed by the early Spanish navigators.
But this vandalism, which Wagner condoned with a very bad grace, now happily begins to give way to the practice of presenting long scenes or entire acts, with the singers, on the concert-platform.
His earliest publication, the anonymous pamphlet of The Pentland Rising, had appeared in , and The Charity Bazaar, a trifle in which his future manner is happily displayed, in .
Garrick, who called her " the best of women and wives," lived most happily with her in his villa at Hampton, acquired by him in , whither he was glad to escape from his house in Southampton Street.
Menelaus thereupon took her back, and they returned together to Sparta, where they lived happily till their death, and were buried at Therapnae in Laconia.
In  Malthus married happily, and not long after was appointed professor of modern history and political economy in the East India Company's College at Haileybury.
Sometimes this action is exerted upon the finer grasses, irri- but happily also upon some of the less profitable constituents of the miscellaneous herbage.
Those who, as it has been happily put, identify Rabelais with Pantagruel, strive in vain, on any view intellectually consistent or morally respectable, to account for the vast ocean of pure or impure laughter and foolery which surrounds the few solid islets of sense and reason and devotion.
The court house in Great George's Street has a good Corinthian portico, happily undamaged in a fire which destroyed the rest of the building in .
Happily Tso K`iu-ming took it in hand to supply those events, incorporating also others with them, and continuing his narratives over some additional years, so that through him the history of China in all its states, from year to year, for more than two centuries and a half, lies bare before us.
Happily the jury refused to convict, and its verdict saved the nation from the disgrace of meting out the extreme penalty of high treason to an attempt to hold a public meeting for the redress of grievances.
Happily for the future of the world, the government of the United States felt itself able to accept the despatch which had been thus addressed to it, and to give the reparation which was demanded; and the danger of war between the two great branches of the Anglo-Saxon race was averted.
Rhyn you â€“ Surprise and then alarm filled Rhyn.  He'd walk happily to his own death, but angels were sacred creatures among the Immortals.  He ignored Kris and plunged through the portal.
Happily the referee had seen some shenanigans in the -yard box with Ruddy unfairly impeded so a United freekick was the award.
We even spotted a turtle happily munching away at the coral and a couple of blue spotted reef rays in the sand.
The sermon was a very seasonable one, being about the harvest, and in it things temporal and spiritual were very happily blended.
The splendid soliloquies of Medea which, as Voltaire happily says, "annoncent Corneille," the entire parts of Rodogune and Chimene, the final speech of Camille in Horace, the discovery scene of Cinna, the dialogues of Pauline and Severe in Polyeucte, the magnificentlycontrasted conception and exhibition of the best and worst forms of feminine dignity in the Cornelie of Pompee and the Cleopatre of Rodogune, the singularly fine contrast in Don Sanche d'Aragon, between the haughtiness of the Spanish nobles and the unshaken dignity of the supposed adventurer Carlos, and the characters of Aristie, Viriate and Sertorius himself, in the play named after the latter, are not to be surpassed in grandeur of thought, felicity of design or appropriateness of language.
The idea that a person can be a political prisoner, jailed for his beliefs about government, politics, or politicians, is ancient but happily fading.
Virgin would have happily put out and raved about an album of Malaysian flute music if it meant financial gain.
Lugosi and Luna go back to the theater and everyone lives happily ever after, safe in the knowledge that vampires are nonsence.
Five years later, Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban are still happily married and living in Nashville, Tennessee, with their two biological daughters, Sunday and Faith, the latter of whom was conceived via a surrogate.
Some hearty "volunteers", like larkspur or rose campion, will happily return year after year if you scatter seed each fall.
It is because of the failure of this endeavour to bring the technique of induction within the setting of his Humian psychology of belief that the separation of his contribution to the applied logic of science from his sensationism became necessary, as it happily  Mill, Examination of Sir William Hamilton's Philosophy, cap. .
Owing to the close proximity of powerful opposed religious sects, the modern history of the city is not without its record of riot and bloodshed, as in  and , and in August  serious rioting followed upon a strike of carters; but the prosperity of the city has been happily unaffected.
Civil war was happily averted at the last moment, and a national convention, composed of senators and deputies from all parts of the country, assembled at Warsaw, in April , for the purpose of electing a new king.
Queen Catherine Parr introduced some humanity into Henry's household, and Edward and Elizabeth were well and happily educated together, principally at old Hatfield House, which is now the marquess of Salisbury's stables.
This design was happily abandoned, and around the Parco Nuovo has grown up a new quarter of wide streets, spacious gardens and private villas.
Nicholas and his wife lived together so happily that even Sonya and the old countess, who felt jealous and would have liked them to disagree, could find nothing to reproach them with; but even they had their moments of antagonism.
Thus, in spite of its having been approved by the king, this design was happily abandoned - much to Wren's disgust; and he prepared another scheme with a similar treatment of a dome crowned by a spire, which in  was ordered to be carried out.
About this period he saw his daughter Francesca happily married, and undertook the education of a young scholar from Ravenna, whose sudden disappearance from his household caused him the deepest grief.
She did not live very happily with her new husband, who was warlike and self-willed, and when he was taken prisoner by the Turks () she was compelled to vacate the throne in favour of her son Michael and retire to a convent, where she died.
Happily for him, however, he was able to acquire in his youth a knowledge of English and Dutch, and by the help of some missionaries he succeeded in obtaining books in those languages on both scientific and political subjects.
Happily for the kingdom whose king was a child and a leper, the attention of Saladin was distracted for several years by an attempt to wrest from the sons of Nureddin the inheritance of their father - an attempt partially successful in , but only finally realized in .
Happily, there are still preserved in the great temples of Japan, chiefly in the ancient capital of Nara, many noble relics of this period.
