
Waiting for him to snap or yell as he had when she arrived to Hell, she touched him timidly with her other hand to begin exploring the ridges of the scars on his chest.
When he didn't respond, I added, She'll have a hell of a headache but you guys both have some bridges in need of serious damage control.
Damian wondered what the hell Sofi had figured out that would send the man before him into the teenage-like fit.
Damian suspected what kind of hell Dusty had been through and was pleased to see his trusted friend looking good.
Worse, she wasn't about to give the creature that tricked her into Hell and turned her Immortal an ounce of compassion.
They reached an open place in the brush where Diablo stood hip-shod, his eyes half closed - as if all hell wasn't getting ready to burst loose.
I kept after her to tell me and that pissed off Ronnie to all hell and he demanded Julie and me to get out.
He began to cry, the soul-deep weeping of a man who'd lost all and spent his tormented life in a level of hell she'd never be able to imagine.
The energy around them was lively; they were brothers whose bond was formed during their years in the bowels of hell.
She shivered, not wanting to imagine what Darkyn was capable of or how hard it might be to outmaneuver him to leave Hell.
If Gabriel had killed her while trying to save her, he'd kill the soul in her head, too, the one that damned Deidre to Hell.
She couldn't help thinking the creature whose job it was to trick people into Hell wasn't above lying to the human mate he took.
She didn't need to know he planned on having her killed off, once and for all, once they were free of Hell.
Knowing the most powerful creature – one the Dark One himself exiled at one point for his ruthlessness – had taken over Hell was another matter entirely.
Wynn wasn't about to ask why it was secret or spend too much time in Hell with the violent creature before him.
Hell ran off deals, but Wynn's life was already in enough trouble without incurring another debt on behalf of a woman who had no hope of ever escaping Hell.
Shivering, she stripped out of the Hell garb and flung it aside to put on some of the clothing she'd chosen.
The Dark One that ruled Hell since the time-before-time had fallen to a ruthless demon lord whose goal had long been to take over the mortal realm.
Since Bishop Brooks died I have read the Bible through; also some philosophical works on religion, among them Swedenborg's "Heaven and Hell" and Drummond's "Ascent of Man," and I have found no creed or system more soul-satisfying than Bishop Brooks's creed of love.
Glinka, the editor of the Russian Messenger, who was recognized (cries of "author! author!" were heard in the crowd), said that "hell must be repulsed by hell," and that he had seen a child smiling at lightning flashes and thunderclaps, but "we will not be that child."
I don't expect them or anyone else to make deals with you for me, she said, hurt as much by his words as the thought that there was no one outside of Hell who wished her well.
She'd packed her favorite clothes to take with her to Wynn's a few days before she ended up in Hell.
She watched the battle with the Dark One – the one Darkyn lost – and saw him banished to the bowels of Hell.
Hell has a library, and the librarian has been teaching me about the deities through these little video tutorial things.
She'd given relationship advice to the woman who condemned her to Hell, advice meant to help snag the heart of a man she hadn't stopped loving.
Darkyn would never let him through Hell, but Deidre … He felt like shit just thinking about it yet recognized the danger he was in.
Gabriel suspected the Dark One wasn't going to let his little human out of Hell, especially not to see her former mate.
Dressed in the seductive clothing of Hell, her body's gentle shape appeared voluptuous, her narrow shoulders exposed, her round hips and breasts enhanced.
The woman in the bed behind him had taken three days to warn him about the human left in Hell.
With nothing else to lose, all she could think about was what happened to the human she left in Hell.
Still wearing the garb of Hell, Darkyn's mate was sporting fangs with her pink hair and a heavy sultriness that made Deidre look twice.
Sensing her alarm, Darkyn's mate turned and took the arm of the girl behind her, pushing her towards the black door to Hell.
He'd watched Rhyn and Katie's relationship unfold from its rocky beginning, when Katie inadvertently rescued Rhyn from his sentence in Hell.
Deidre wiped the blood off her foot onto a towel, unable to piece together what the hell was going on.
The rich cinnamon-vanilla scent of the bath bubbles filled the air, reminding her of the candle she'd bought at the farmers market the day her life went to hell.
He'd always hoped Rhyn would have another chance, that Hell was a place to stash the dangerous immortal until the world was ready for him.
The restriction smacked him hard, as he'd been ready to drag Rhyn out of Hell as soon as Death was gone.
He wasn't really sure Rhyn would consider being sentenced to eternity with a mate much of an improvement over Hell.
It was his immortal powers, which Death had yanked from him when she ordered Gabriel to take him to Hell.
He went to the only portal that glowed black --the portal to Hell --and stepped from the shadow world into the tiny, dark cell holding his friend.
He would stay in this holding cell on the outskirts of Hell until Sasha figured out some new grueling punishment.
The death dealer was his only friend who'd stuck with him since he'd been banned to Hell by his brothers and dragged there by the immortal death dealer before him.
He felt some peace knowing that --whatever Death wanted from him --she'd have to free him from Hell to get it.
When he was out of Hell, he'd already planned on kicking the ass of their eldest brother, Andre, and killing Kris.
He sat with his hands on his thighs and his eyes straight ahead, like a statue chiseled in Hell itself.
She didn't let herself think too much about what it might be, how she ended up in Hell, or why she'd just let some otherworldly creature with fuzzy hands cut off her clothes.
She closed her eyes, telling herself she'd survive this and figure out how to get the hell out of there, even if it meant bartering with the monsters on her cell block.
He couldn't protect anyone from Sasha in Hell, and he itched to taste the woman meant to be his mate.
He'd long since stopped trying to escape, knowing the magic of Hell and the Dark One was too old for him to break.
He wasn't ready to be dead-dead yet, not after all the time he'd spent in Hell and all the unfinished business he had.
His power felt the same, but maybe his time in Hell had mellowed it out, made it more responsive to his command.
If you lied to me about everything so far, why the hell would I trust your word about anything, even saving the world?
Silence surrounded them, not the good kind, but the heavy kind that made her want to hold her breath lest she break it and all hell erupt.
When her mind had cleared and her body no longer thrummed with need, she tried to figure out what the hell had happened.
She felt alone when he was gone, and while he frustrated the hell out of her, she still felt better when he was near.
Molly dug through her purse to retrieved a familiar brownish cube, like the ones Katie'd eaten to stay alive in Hell.
He'd broken the Code for a brother who'd never cared one ounce for him and accepted his place in Hell.
Rhyn stayed where he was, wary yet unafraid of Sasha, who.d been the zookeeper among the animals with him in Hell.
Sasha looked over her, uninterested, and both her hands went to her throat at the memory of what he.d done to her in Hell.
In Hell, the Immortal Jade, formerly the most trusted lieutenant to the leader of the Council That Was Seven, looked around his new bedchamber with a shiver.
Darkyn, the most powerful of all demons, wouldn.t have returned from the pits of Hell, where the Dark One banished him to lead the army to the Immortals. front door and wipe out the Council.
She didn.t remember him being so tall in Hell, but she.d been afraid to look too hard at him when she passed his cell.
He knew Jared well enough after all their years in Hell together to understand the creature was too narcissistic to care about another.s issues.
That didn.t stop her from being angry at the man who would dump her sister off to deal with the hell she.d gone through.
He took in his predatory brothers, well aware they were as dangerous as any of the creatures he.d spent time in Hell with.
He didn.t stay to hear the splash this time but walked through the shadow world toward the only portal that glowed black, the portal to Hell.
He.d learned this the hard way when Andre refused to do more than send Rhyn to Hell for killing Lilith.
Her words fed at the small piece of him that didn.t want to live in Hell forever, that still thought he could go back to the Immortals and his old life.
He motioned Katie forward with his machete, then stopped her to drape the pillowcase over her head as he had when she entered Hell with him.
Her tears rose at the sight of both creatures, one who wanted to drag her to Hell and the other who wanted her dead.
His honesty terrified her; he knew he wasn.t going to lose and didn.t care what she knew before he took her to Hell.
Dean figured, This bitch isn't going to let go of these newly discovered century-old coins without a hell of a fight.
I have to tell you, Mr. Ryland is a damned sight more pleasant than bossy Miss Quincy, the sister from hell.
They're gonna serve fresh ice cream in hell before that lady gets a sniff at this here notebook, even if it proves to be worthless scratchings.
I don't want to be cruel or uncaring and I know she's going through hell, but I can't just jump her bones and pretend it's yesterday.
You wouldn't think skiing the bunny slope with a kid is any fun but I got a hell of a kick out of it.
The winter wind has come a-calling and moans through cracks and crevices like so many ghosts visiting from hell, wailing and beckoning for me to join them.
You may be hurt and feeling helpless and desperate and God knows what and I'm sorry as hell but I have a life too, and I'll not have you ruin it!
I was trying to get a naked woman the hell out of my bed, just after my wife caught her there!
He should be controlling this situation by now; not sitting here trying to figure out what the hell was happening.
You know, I can't help thinking, if you were human, I would be going through the very hell Sarah is experiencing right now.
Scouts are reporting it's overrun with demons and Darkyn has adopted it as his terra headquarters for his trips here from Hell.
Rhyn listened to his brother pad away in the soft sand.  He'd spent thousands of years in Hell wishing to be dead-dead.  Tomorrow, he'd have his chance.
The feeling of the angel's soft, cold hand in his own reminded Rhyn of the first thing he'd touched in Hell that hadn't been stone.  Gabriel had brought him a book with a worn, leather-like cover, and he'd lost himself dwelling on the sensation of buttery leather under his fingertips after the hazy nightmare that had been his existence in Hell.
Death can only contain your Immortal powers in her domain, just like I can only contain your demon powers in Hell.
If you loved her enough to destroy the world for her, then you know the pain Kris has been through twice. Hell cannot hold a candle to that kind of pain.
He thought of Hell, and the portal glowed blacker than night.  He thought of Kris, and the portal for the Sanctuary lit up.  He thought of the Immortal underworld – Death's domain – and the portal turned gray.
Rhyn's gone ape-shit crazy and decided to kill Death.  Toby's in Hell, and Darkyn is planning something big, but I don't know what.
No, but I don't think he's the same Rhyn we sent to Hell.  I think he deserves a chance to make things right.
I heard the Immortal underworld is an awful place.  What if Death decides to keep you or Rhyn drops you in Hell forever?
She'd stayed strong in Hell, through confrontations with demons and Immortals alike, through his own failures.  She hadn't just survived; she'd found some part of him to believe in.
I mean, how are you not a traitor like Sasha or a cold jerk like Kris?  How did you spend so long in Hell and still try to follow parts of the Code?
I met Gabe, and he took me to Andre, who raised me for a few years, before my brothers decided I was better off in Hell, he summarized.
Two days with demons … he'd seen what happened to her here, in Hell, over a similar period of time.  Sasha was twisted, but Darkyn was merciless.
If you get Katie back and the world goes to shit, all you've done is given her an Immortality of hell on earth.
Rhyn froze.  The voice was Gabriel's, but the assassin's argument was unlike Gabe, who would know exactly what Rhyn would do after their conversation in Hell.
Then you probably should've tried harder not to get thrown into Hell.  You were of no help to anyone there.
Ully cursed as he moved to seek cover from the downpour.  Safe beneath his jungle roof, Toby watched him.  The brave, cheerful Ully that sat with him in Hell seemed lost in the underworld, and Toby began to suspect there was another reason their jailer, Jared, had freed them.
You can't trust the good guys, because they'll use you for science experiments, and the bad guys put you in Hell.
Gabriel fell quiet for a moment, looking around with a frown.  Death's palace felt much like Hell had to Rhyn.  Something about it tugged at his power.
Thunder cracked overhead.  Rhyn had ignored the rain, accustomed to being miserable. Hell was either broiling or freezing, and the Alps were just as cold.  The underworld's chilled rain didn't compare.
Kris said nothing.  Rhyn's assurances that Hannah was safe in Hell didn't sit well with him.  Kris followed the half-demon without knowing where they might be headed, instead thinking of just how bad of a situation he'd left Kiki in.
You want me to believe you killed my lover to protect me, never told me she was a demon-spy, and you went willingly to Hell.  It's ridiculous, Rhyn, even for you!
If this is what you call down, you need to spend some time in Hell.  If you don't believe me, I don't give a shit.  But I fulfilled my part of the deal I made with Kiki.
Rhyn pointed.  The angel sighed and crossed to Kiki.  Rhyn opened a new portal, took a deep breath and crossed through to Hell.
She stepped closer to him as she had in their dream, gazing up into his molten silver eyes.  He'd gone to Hell for Hannah and confronted Death for her.  He'd killed demons to protect her and defied his family to find – and keep – her.
Mayer was something else—have a service, bury the guy in absentia and get him the hell off the books.
Then we get this call and tell 'em it's done and they say turn off at the next exit and get the hell out of there.
Only a couple of days later we hear all hell's broken loose 'cause something ain't where it's supposed to be.
Dean called the Parkside Police Department and caught hell from Leland for not keeping him posted on the Wasserman autop­sy and current details.
He wanted something a hell of a lot stronger—a double bourbon and leave the bottle but he knew the return trip to Parkside lay before him.
This note sounds like and looks like he was blind drunk when he wrote it and he doesn't know what the hell he's talking about.
The first curve frightened the hell out of him and he knew the brake pres­sure necessary to slow him from this speed could not be engaged all the way down the mountain without overheating the tiny pads to the point of ineffectiveness.
He didn't steal the money—he found it—and aside from some name changing, it would be hell to prove he defrauded anyone.
If the elderly man had only waited a few more years to die, he might have left the underground hell and lived to see this wonderful world.
She stood in the doorway to his room for a long moment, trying to figure out how the hell he knew so much about her.
Jessi almost told him to go to hell except that, right now, she was almost having fun for the first time in years.
There was no way in hell it was going to be her, not with all he'd revealed during their secrets game.
It had the effect they desired of convincing the Others he had crushed the gem and was unleashing hell on earth in his quest for revenge for them taking Jessi.
In calling upon dangerous blacks at night they pretended to be the spirits of dead Confederates, "just from Hell," and to quench their thirst would pretend to drink gallons of water which was poured into rubber sacks concealed under their robes.
Pain and sin must have been reduced to a minimum by God; though they are so ingrained in the finite that we have to make up our minds even to the endless sin and endless punishments of hell.
In the highest hell rules alone the grisly king Sh'dum, "the warrior"; in the storey immediately beneath is Giv, "the great"; and in the lowest is Krun or Karkum, the oldest and most powerful of all, commonly called "the great mountain of flesh" (Third rabba d'besra), but also "the first-born of darkness."
Hibil lingers, gradually unfolding his power, in each of the vestibules, and finally passing from hell to hell reaches Karkum.
She is the mother of Ur, the personified fire of hell, who in anger and pride made a violent onset on the world of light, but was mastered by Hibil and thrown in chains down to the "black water," and imprisoned within seven iron and seven golden walls.
The first week is the foundation, and has to do with the consideration of the end of man, sin, death, judgment and hell.
If his evil works outweigh his good, he falls finally under the power of Satan, Vand the pains of hell are his portion for ever.
The Apocalypse of the Virgin, containing her descent into hell, is not published entire, but only several portions of it from Greek MSS.
The demon of Teneriffe was called Guayota and lived in the peak of Teyde, which was the hell called Echeyde.
Swedenborg claimed also to have learnt by his admission into the spiritual world the true states of men in the next life, the scenery and occupations of heaven and hell, the true doctrine of Providence, the origin of evil, the sanctity and perpetuity of marriage and to have been a witness of the "last judgment," or the second coming of the Lord, which is a contemporary event.
We find " suffered " in the creed of Milan, " descended into hell " in the creed of Aquileia, the Danubian lands and Syria; the words " God " and " almighty " were shortly added to clause  in the Spanish creed; " life everlasting " had stood from an early date in the African creed.
Who for our salvation descended from heaven, was conceived of the Holy Ghost, born of the Virgin Mary, suffered by suffering under Pontius Pilate, under Herod the King, crucified, buried, descended into hell, trod down the sting of death, rose again the third day, appeared to the apostles.
It is a good-humoured satire upon marriage, the devil being forced to admit that hell itself is preferable to his wife's company.
They remained severely orthodox in the doctrines of the Fathers - the Trinity, the Incarnation, the plenary inspiration of the Bible - and they condemned those who rejected their teachings to a hell whose fires they were not tempted to extenuate.
Hellville, the chief town (so called after De Hell, governor of Reunion at the time of the French annexation), is a port of call for the Messageries Maritimes and a centre for the coasting trade along the western shores of Madagascar.
In Dr Fausts Hollenzwang "+Mephistophiel" is one of the seven great princes of hell; "he stands under the planet Jupiter, his regent is named Zadkiel, an enthroned angel of the holy Jehovah..
Matthew Arnold's poem "St Brandan" gives fine expression to the old story that, on account of an act of charity done to a leper at Joppa, Judas was allowed an hour's respite from hell once a year.
I-Ie was to be given as the kane to Hell, which shows a distinction between the beliefs in hell and in the place of fairies.
But he understood the Gospel as being primarily an assured hope and a holy law, as fear of the Judge who can cast into hell and as an inflexible rule of faith and of discipline.
French naval officers having reported on the strategic value of Mayotte, Admiral de Hell, governor of Reunion, sent an officer there in , and a treaty was negotiated ceding the island to France.
In its most simple and attractive form - one at the same time invested with the authority of the reputed holy author - their account of the creation of the world and of man; the origin of sin and redemption, the history of the Cross, and the disputes between body and soul, right and wrong, heaven and hell, were embodied either in "Historiated Bibles" (Paleya ) or in special dialogues held between Christ and his disciples, or between renowned Fathers of the Church who expounded these views in a simple manner adapted to the understanding of the people (Lucidaria).
The Historiated Bible, the Letter from Heaven, the Wanderings through Heaven and Hell, the numerous Adam and Cross legends, the religious poems of the "Kaleki perehozhie" and other similar productions owe their dissemination to a large extent to the activity of the Bogomils of Bulgaria, and their successors in other lands.
Heaven and hell were very clearly distinguished, and each soul according to its works passed to the one or to the other.
Souls passed at once to heaven or to hell; a doctrine even less adequate to the complex quality of human life.
Swedenborg discards a physical resurrection, as at death the eyes of men are opened to the spiritual world in which we exist now, and they continue to live essentially as they lived here, until by their affinities they are drawn to heaven or hell.
She would have flung Scotland with England into the hell fire of Spanish Catholicism rather than forgo the faintest chance of personal revenge.
The Pricke of Conscience is a long religious poem, in rhyming couplets, dealing with the beginning of man's life, the instability of the world, why death is to be dreaded, of doomsday, of the pains of hell, and the joys of heaven, the two latter subjects being treated with uncompromising realism.
This world is the only true purgatory and hell, being the antithesis of the world eternal, of the inward man renewed day by day, of Christ's peace and kingdom which are not of this world.
In view of these provisions, Garrison, adopting a bold scriptural figure of speech, denounced the constitution as "a covenant with death and an agreement with hell," and chose as his motto, "No union with slaveholders."
Descriptions of heaven and hell, and allusions to God's working in Nature, not unfrequently show a certain amount of poetic power.
They believe in a better life hereafter, but have no idea of a hell or a devil, their evil spirits only tormenting them in the present state.
The fires of hell and the shades of purgatory, which are the constant background of Dante's "Paradiso," were present to Luther from childhood.
The ward into which she penetrated was like a den of wild beasts; it was filled with women unsexed, fighting, swearing, dancing, gaming, yelling and justly deserved its name of "hell above ground."
He sought to make anger predominate over love; and he had his will, becoming prince of hell, the kingdom of God's anger, which still remains, however, an integral part of the Divine universe.
Purgatory, for example, is usually thought of as having some position in space, and as being distinct from heaven and hell; but any theory as to its exact latitude and longitude, such as underlies Dante's description, must be regarded as imaginative.
But his efforts were defeated by the unrelenting hostility of the church, and by the incapacity of his contemporaries to understand his aims. After being forced in his lifetime to submit to authority, he was consigned by Dante to hell.
He also made many songs of the terrors of the coming judgment, of the horrors of hell and the sweetness of heaven; and of the mercies and the judgments of God."
They consist of paraphrases of parts of Genesis, Exodus and Daniel, and three separate poems, the first on the lamentations of the fallen angels, the second on the "Harrowing of Hell," the resurrection, ascension and second coming of Christ, and the third (a mere fragment) on the temptation.
The Buddha believed he had a way of Truth, which if an elect disciple possessed he might say of himself, "Hell is destroyed for me, and rebirth as an animal, or a ghost, or in any place of woe.
Let him reflect on the transmigrations of men, caused by their sinful deeds, on their falling into hell, and on their torments in the world of Yama..
The king, of whom it was said that the fear of hell was the only part of religion which had any reality for him, now dismissed the duchess of Chateauroux and promised amendment.
And as his deeds are, so shall be his fate and his future lot on the Day of Judgment; when he must cross the Bridge Cinvat, which, according to his works, will either guide him to the Paradise of Ahuramazda or precipitate him to the Hell of Ahriman.
Hartley translated Heaven and Hell () and True Christian Religion (); Clowes, who taught New Church doctrine in the existing churches and was opposed to the forming of new organizations, translated  volumes, including the Arcana Coelestia, and published over  volumes of exposition and defence.
Though so typically a scholar and abstract thinker on the one hand and on the other a mystic, Edwards is best known to the present generation as a preacher of hell fire.
Printed in tens of thousands of copies are certain apocalyptic legends dealing with eschatological problems. The ancient Apocalypse of Peter appears here under the name of Paul, then there is an Apocalypse of the Virgin Mary, who, like Peter, is carried by the Archangel through the torments of Hell and the bliss of Paradise, and through whose intervention sufferers are granted pardon on certain days of the year.
No woman, he said, in heaven, earth or hell, could charge him with having ever made any improper advances to her.
He had heard a voice asking him whether he would leave his sins and go to heaven, or keep his sins and go to hell; and he had seen an awful countenance frowning on him from the sky.
