
Sentences
Albert Einstein reflected this when he famously said, "I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones."
Gisele Bundchen is famously known for her Victoria's Secret ad campaigns and was once equally famous for dating Leonardo DiCaprio.
Not only is black famously known as the universally slimming color, but it also happens to look great against most skin tones, too.
The United Kingdom famously did this after World War II by raising marginal tax rates on earned income to more than  percent and, for some other kinds of income, to more than  percent.
Most famously known as the birthplace of Juliette Gordon Low, founder of the Girl Scouts of America, the Wayne Gordon House was built in  by Savannah Mayor James Moore Wayne.
Realistic NPCs - Non-player characters, or those controlled by the game, are famously flat and plain boring to talk to in most role playing games.
This can also help to explain why two partners with incompatible sun signs may get along famously in all the ways their sun signs 'should' not.
They're famously unemotional on the outside, and they are very talented at examining a problem from a logical side without bringing in feelings or dramatic energy.
Passion is not to be confused with emotion in relationships because Capricorns are famously practical and try to steer clear of expressing dramatic thoughts and emotions whenever possible.
While pop stars such as Britney Spears have famously given a sexy interpretation to Catholic school uniforms, modesty is prized in a traditional academic setting.
For example, if one person were to say "You're gonna need a bigger boat" you would rightly respond "Jaws" as this is the line famously ad-libbed by Roy Scheider playing Amity police chief Martin Brody.
Surely if it is known as "natural", then it is going to be a safe alternative to the famously risky versions previously on the market, right?
Although corsets are famously designed to cinch a woman's waist while hefting the bosom and smoothing the hips, this usage did not begin in earnest until the th century.
Ultra-sexy and more than a little naughty, they also famously sell a collection of accessories to go with their slinky lingerie.
She famously claimed to have remained a virgin during their relationship, but he denied it, and she eventually admitted to sleeping with him.
Shortly after the show, he sued  Flava, makers of the "" area code shirt, which he famously wore throughout the competition.
The ceremony is named in honor of Antoinette Perry, who was a director and actress, most famously known for being a founder of the American Theatre Wing.
Cash took his case for prison reform to the White House in , when he famously refused to play the songs then President Richard Nixon requested.
The two famously reunited in  for Manilow to produce Midler on her Bette Midler Sings the Rosemary Clooney Songbook and the two have worked together on numerous occasions since.
Bernstein also famously conducted an orchestra made up of music students at the festival for the world premier of the opera Peter Grimes, composed by Benjamin Britten with libretto by Montagu Slater.
When asked about her behavior on the show, Taylor claims that she wasn't really like that, the show was edited to make her look bad and that producers fed her lines like her famously annoying "Deal with it!" line.
The furnishings for the couple's main home, which Giudice famously shopped for on the first season of the Real Housewives, dropping $, in cash on furniture for one room, were auctioned off in July .
One contestant is famously quoted as referring to herself as having a "butt-face" despite the fact that by most standards, she would not be considered unattractive.
From its famously commanding opening to its adrenalin-pumping conclusion, there's no doubting the epic status of this great romantic concerto.
The th century mathematician Kronecker famously claimed that " God made the integers, all the rest is the work of man.
Only  hours away is the famously picturesque Eilean Donan Castle which is well worth a trip to the west coast.
Quine famously claimed that the use of higher-order quantifiers commits to sets, irrespective of the intended subject matter of the theory.
On his return he famously remarked to his wife that he thought she would prefer a live donkey than a dead lion.
Pale blues - These blues are so much more interesting then the pastel blues of the s and the powder blue of the famously popular tuxedo of the s.
His life was marked by much turmoil, as he was married several times and he famously left one wife for the wife of a client.
Partnered with Coty fragrances, Britney has several youthful fragrances that appeal to both her fans, and women and girls who love her famously sweet and sugary scents.
Rodney King famously asked this question, and unfortunately, in a world where many are irrational, and closed and narrow-minded, the answer is sometimes no.
Most actresses shed and gain weight for roles, such as the weight Renee Zellweger famously put on for the filming of Bridget Jones' Diary.
Both girls seemed like just lovely ladies and they got on famously with The Bachelor Jason Mesnick's son Ty as well as with his family.
Within fine arts, this etymological nuance has been elaborated into a full-fledged aesthetic distinction between the naked and the nude, a distinction most famously articulated by Kenneth Clark.
The guitar was produced in the s and early s, and it was most famously played by Def Leppard guitar player Phil Collen.
This carried over when comedy troupes brought their work to television, most famously with the Monty Python team, who regularly employed drag to hilarious effect.
Formerly known as a music producer, and more famously as a judge on American Idol, Randy Jackson has hit his stride on network television.
Interview with a Vampire and Legends of the Fall are just a couple of the movies that Brad famously wore long hair for in the mid s.
Most famously, the leprechaun defends his pot of gold from any who dare to try to take it from him.
Animal sun signs operate on the same compatibility factors as human sun signs; some signs get along famously, while others make less than ideal companions according to the way their personalities interact.
Johnny Depp is one of the most famously tattooed people on Hollywood; he has several tattoos, mostly the arms and all medium-sized tattoos that stand individually on their own - no sleeves for one of Hollywood's most famous leading men.
The UK's all powerful Radio One - the station that a band needs to be playing their records on if they are to make it in the charts - gave the song a couple of spins and then famously deemed it "too depressing" to play again.
While famously known for his long-running A&E Network television show Dog the Bounty Hunter, Chapman has also been on the other side of the fence when it comes to crime.
You might remember the story of Kyle MacDonald who famously traded up from one red paperclip to a house, one small exchange at a time between July  and July .
