
Sentences
Why did she need to prove to anyone, least of all herself, that she was right in breaking off the relationship?
All her plans were about to blow up ñ all this because she had allowed herself to be drawn into a relationship.
It was one thing to tell herself everything was resolved, but quite another to thoroughly accept something she had always considered wrong.
Her erotic dreams were proof that he was becoming more than a friend to her, and that thought was troubling - both from the standpoint of her goals, and the fact that she was setting herself up for rejection.
The night air was chilly on her bare arms and she shivered involuntarily, annoyed at herself because it looked like an obvious ploy.
Anyway she finally got so lonely and depressed that she locked herself in her room one day and shot herself.
Dorothy was herself anxious to get home, so she promised Eureka they would not stay in the Land of Oz much longer.
Of course, once she had convinced everyone else what a foolish move it would be, how was she going to convince herself that she didn't need Brandon in her life?
She plodded on, willing herself to take each step, not thinking of the miles to go, but merely getting through one more painful step.
Truth is always in harmony with herself, and is not concerned chiefly to reveal the justice that may consist with wrong-doing.
She blushed, pressed her clasped hands on her knees, and then controlling herself with an evident effort lifted her head and began to speak rapidly.
She shoved the photo back into the envelope and closed the lip, willing herself not to think about the previous pregnancy and its tragic end.
She glanced around the kitchen, knowing she should familiarize herself before breakfast, but feeling uncomfortable about exploring so soon after her arrival.
Pulling the rail back up, she stood beside the tent, helplessly watching Destiny cry until she coughed herself into another retching fit.
Yet, when the smell of bacon lured him to the kitchen, she found herself wishing he would address the subject.
I decided to talk to you this weekend, but I guess Mary found the form and took it upon herself to mail it to you.
She nestled herself comfortably in Dorothy's lap until the kitten gave a snarl of jealous anger and leaped up with a sharp claw fiercely bared to strike Billina a blow.
She has a very sociable disposition, and delights in the companionship of those who can follow the rapid motions of her fingers; but if left alone she will amuse herself for hours at a time with her knitting or sewing.
She had learned the printed letters, and for some time had amused herself by making simple sentences, using slips on which the words were printed in raised letters; but these sentences had no special relation to one another.
Often I found her, when she had a little leisure, sitting in her favourite corner, in a chair whose arms supported the big volume prepared for the blind, and passing her finger slowly over the lines of Moliere's 'Le Medecin Malgre Lui,' chuckling to herself at the comical situations and humorous lines.
At the time when I became her teacher, she had made for herself upward of sixty signs, all of which were imitative and were readily understood by those who knew her.
Not my or thy great-grandfather's, but our great-grandmother Nature's universal, vegetable, botanic medicines, by which she has kept herself young always, outlived so many old Parrs in her day, and fed her health with their decaying fatness.
The ph≈ìbe had already come once more and looked in at my door and window, to see if my house was cavern-like enough for her, sustaining herself on humming wings with clinched talons, as if she held by the air, while she surveyed the premises.
The little princess went round the table with quick, short, swaying steps, her workbag on her arm, and gaily spreading out her dress sat down on a sofa near the silver samovar, as if all she was doing was a pleasure to herself and to all around her.
But when he saw that the horsemen did not dismount and that the wolf shook herself and ran for safety, Daniel set his chestnut galloping, not at the wolf but straight toward the wood, just as Karay had run to cut the animal off.
When she retreated to the bathroom, she flipped on the light, cringed, but forced herself to stare at her reflection in the mirror over the sink.
Any pain she caused was going to be short lived and quickly fixed, when she revealed herself to Gabriel once more and told him they could be together.
This very building was the one Gabriel dived off of in an attempt to keep the terrified human from trying to kill herself.
One arm looped around her and she braced herself against his chest, vaguely realizing that --by not refusing him the day before --he'd taken her response as a blank check.
Only to find herself staring at the bubbles of blood forming from within his fist, which was clamped around the blade of a knife a few inches from her face.
Katie braced herself for a storage room full of military uniforms and was surprised to see what looked much like a women's department section.
Rather than go to the buffet herself, the servant joined several others selecting morsels and food for her to try.
Kris had assigned her a babysitter and ordered her to spray herself down with the skunk spray so she wouldn.t draw any unwanted attention.
She dozed as she drew, caught herself twice, then dropped into sleep, unaware that those who removed the boxes were coming next for her.
She cursed herself, aware she had accomplished little as far as advancing her rights but managed to draw the guaranteed attention of a man she was not certain she wanted to notice her.
He had no idea how long it would take her to regain consciousness, or, if even then, she would be strong enough to free herself, yet he saw no other option.
It took an instant for her eyes to adjust to the dim coop interior, and then she found herself staring into the desperate eyes of a red fox.
Reminding herself that Alex had made no commitment, she still couldn't put the picture of him opening the car door for Lori out of her mind.
More than an hour later she was pouring herself a cup of coffee and wondering if a person could get dehydrated from crying.
She learned it gladly when she discovered that she could herself read what she had written; and this still affords her constant pleasure.
Helen was petted and caressed enough to spoil an angel; but I do not think it is possible to spoil her, she is too unconscious of herself, and too loving.
Then she threw herself on the floor and began to swim so energetically that some of us thought we should be kicked out of our chairs!
Indeed, her whole body is so finely organized that she seems to use it as a medium for bringing herself into closer relations with her fellow creatures.
Sonya, as she listened, thought of the immense difference there was between herself and her friend, and how impossible it was for her to be anything like as bewitching as her cousin.
By the next day she was ready to resume her normal activities, but Sarah insisted it was Saturday and she should take some time to enjoy herself.
It was ridiculous - sending him into town after such personal items when she was perfectly capable of going by herself.
The woman introduced herself as Annie Mae Wilkie and informed us she was the treasurer of Brockville, in addition to holding several other positions.
It took us two hours to come ten miles from the airport and Julie had to direct him the last mile and she just got here herself.
More tears came as she realized she couldn't do anything for herself let alone Jonny if they kept her in such a state.
The thought distracted her, and she both yearned to be with him and hated herself for not being able to shake the thought of him.
She couldn't run, couldn't move and she tried hard to convince herself to pass out as the garage door was wrenched open.
She found herself hurrying around him to the couch at his low growl and suspected he wasn't someone who ever repeated anything.
She slept until the edge of her fatigue was gone before borrowing his neatly folded clothing and making herself a huge pancake and egg midday breakfast.
Darian's popping in and out stressed her out, and she turned up the TV, trying to lose herself in a movie as she calmed.
She didn't have his cold control; she was the kind of woman who would give herself freely in bed and hold no part of her back.
She shoved the phone in her pocket and forced herself to smile as she faced Jonny, who'd been in training since shortly after she awoke.
She peeled off the thick coat and draped it over one bench before seating herself facing the door, as her father had taught her.
At last, she forced herself to lie down and tried not to think of the man named Jule, whose soul still lingered.
She was worried about him, and he was touched by the idea she took pity on him when she herself was in more danger than he was.
Yully shoved Jule fully into the passenger seat of her car and ran to the driver's side, throwing herself into her seat.
The power pushed her off balance, and she caught herself before it sent her sprawling into the blood pooled around her.
Since leaving college, she'd stayed in shape through the local gym, where she lifted weights and forced herself onto a cardio machine twice a week.
She squinted through her fingers and braced herself against one wall to counter the effects the drugs had on her equilibrium as she moved down the long hallway.
Maybe he had a harem of women at his beck and call, but she couldn't see herself with any other man.
Sofia sat down on the bed, careful to keep the blood from her gown, and touched the woman's face, bracing herself.
She hugged herself, wanting to throw her arms around him but knowing he was in as an approachable of a mood as Dustin.
She braced herself against the memories running through his head and the confusion as he tried to figure out where he was.
She swallowed hard, willing herself to remember that she was meant for Gabriel, even if it was Darkyn's name on her back.
Deidre found herself leaning into his solid frame without resistance, entranced by the combination of his hot, hard body and cool fire on her swimming senses.
Deidre felt herself breathless and consumed before the end of their first kiss, yielding to the intensity of his kiss and the firmness of his touch.
Gabriel had been, and she was furious at herself for not taking him more seriously and for choosing to accept Darkyn's deal instead of taking a chance with Gabriel.
It was unclear if this action was prompted by Patsy Boyd herself or just some do-gooder trying to clear her desk of problems.
Cynthia excused herself and retreated to the kitchen, leaving well-meaning Brandon Westlake with a what-did-I-say-wrong look on his sun beaten face.
Or maybe she just wants to prove to herself someone actually loves her enough and cares about her enough to punish her.
When the phone rang for the fourth time, Dean assumed it was either a call for reservations or more discussion on the upcoming New Jersey wedding plans, but Cynthia held the phone against herself and called to her husband.
They all feigned shock and surprise at this not-uncommon happening as Paulette huffily announced she'd absent herself with a walk around the block while they "took care of the matter."
A woman identified herself as Mrs. Fryatt and asked if Martha had telephoned today, or if we'd heard from her, or from her mother, or anyone else concerning Martha.
His only comment of note was that Patsy, while obviously exhausted, seemed especially cheerfuló "pleased with herself" was how he'd described her.
The soft bed was warm from her body heat, and she found herself running a hand over the downy comforter while she tried to understand the emotions within her.
She tasted sweet and saucy, like the woman herself, her heat, scent and silky skin filling his senses in a way that left him wanting more of her.
She relaxed and sank into the soft leather seats of the Town Car, telling herself she was being granted a chance to be normal.
She forced herself not to cover her tattoo with her hands as she followed her sister to the second floor, where the private rooms were.
Even when she knew she was dreaming, she couldn.t wake herself up or shake the fear that this time, Rhyn wasn.t going to come.
The sound of footsteps running down the hall drew her attention, and she flung herself backwards as the maid with the butcher knife tried to cut her.
Kiera was bound to be traumatized until she saw for herself there were no monster-sized spiders on Romas's home planet.
She'd just made a complete fool of herself and Evelyn Ö how would she react if someone were as terrified of kittens on earth?
Unable to understand or control the strange sensations, she tried to help right herself as the hands gripping her ribcage steadied her.
Kiera braced herself and exited behind Evelyn, whose quick step led them back to the main house and outside, where the floating tents were still in place.
She pushed herself away from the doorframe and retreated to her room, only to find the prisoner's bracelet didn't work.
She caught herself with her hands before she did a face-plant on the ground and tried to catch her breath.
Kiera roused herself, climbed to her feet, and stretched before the prisoner snagged her arm once more and began the quick pace again.
The game room was the only place the sisters didn't bug her, and for the first time since being kidnapped by Evelyn and A'Ran, she found herself having fun.
She blocked clumsily at first but ordered herself not to look weak in front of such a man and focused hard.
She found herself sketching him as she'd seen him in the vision from what felt like years ago when they walked hand-in-hand on the dead planet.
If she proved to be as he suspected she was, she might find herself the first woman in his society given the official position of strategy battle planner, a position traditionally held by the dhjan alone.
There was a man behind the fierce face, and she'd only confused herself more by spending the night with him!
She raced forward through the men, not caring what they thought, and flung herself into Mansr's arms with enough force to drive him back a step.
Kiera climbed to her feet, barely caught herself from hitting the fountain with the next great tremor of the ground, and bolted for the door.
Her feet were cold on the wooden floor, and she'd caught herself looking down many times to see if she made grass grow here, too.
Food had become an overlooked stranger, and she'd found herself leaving her studio only for the bathroom and the bedroom.
She'd forced herself to walk daily, if for no other reason than to keep her mind off the paintings and memories.
There was barely room to maneuver, and she found herself standing on her tiptoes to keep track of Evelyn, who had no trouble with the people around her parting the seas for her.
Rocking back and forth, head bowed, Edith began to touch herself, her cheek, her arms, her body, again and again, as if indicating where she had been struck but unable to utter the painful words.
While Dean had no desire to participate in the new and perilous sport of ice climbing, he didn't share Cynthia total perplexity at why a sane human being would even consider subjecting himself or herself to such uncomfortable danger.
The only person who can keep him away is Edith herself and it doesn't look to me as if she has the sense to do so.
Cautiously she moved forward, allowing herself a peek at this amalgam of evil, this seducer of virgins, who had so ravaged her body.
Then you ditched your new honey and she's stupid enough to think that's a big loss and goes and hangs herself.
We can't say if she planned on killing him with it or was just protecting herself but later she used it to cut his line.
Dean knew in time, he'd get over the sudden death of Edith Shipton but he also knew the fact he failed to stop her from killing herself would remain with him forever.
I don't know why she hanged herself when she had a bottle of sleeping pills right next to her bed but wacky people do wacky things.
Because I should have dragged her to a shrink or someone who could have talked some sense into her, or at least watched her more closely-protected her from herself.
While Cynthia's mother was recovering, they discussed what to do if and when she should become unable to care for herself.
It seems to me, that Edith had a very rapid mood change from flaunting her nakedness in front of Claire to...killing herself, practically minutes later.
She could go on feeling sorry for herself because she couldn't have children, or she could accept the cards that had been dealt her and settle for less than perfection.
She hugged herself and treaded to the side of the main road down a small hill to the barracks housing the feds.
The body heat of someone kneeling beside her made her blink, and she braced herself for the doc shooting her up again.
She'd never interacted with the army-types before, but she found herself liking them, if they were all like Guardian and Brady.
Hands over her ears, she took a deep breath and hurried up them, all but flinging herself into the arms of an awaiting rebel soldier.
She was ready to break down crying and throw herself out of the helo in the hopes she didn't die when she hit the water.
She even caught herself touching her ear to keep from sliding her finger behind it to the subcutaneous net implant.
She'd been learning how to defend herself and watching how his people operated for a few days before the accident.
