
Like another Socrates, he taught them to know themselves, repressing vanity, encouraging the despondent, and attaching all alike by his unobtrusive sympathy.
Was she encouraging Alex to assume a paternal role, or was she merely old-fashioned enough to think that men and women had specific roles?
The results of these first experiments were not encouraging, owing mainly to the poor class of animals, but the exporters persevered, and the business steadily grew in value and importance, until in  the number of live cattle shipped was ,, which then decreased to , in , because of the foot-and-mouth disease.
He does not consider the possibility of deriving enjoyment from wealth by helping the poor or encouraging learning (this latter, indeed, he looks on as vanity), and in general he recognizes no obligation on the part of a man to his fellows.
He died in , one of his last acts having been to write an encouraging letter to the emperor Alexander I.
Hubert was accused, with some reason, of enriching himself at the expense of the crown, and of encouraging popular riots against the alien clerks for whom the papacy was providing at the expense of the English Church.
On the other hand, he approves of a protective tax on German linen in favour of home manufactures, and of a tax on brandy as encouraging the sale of rum and so supporting our southern colonies.
Though Carlyle, especially in his earlier years, could deliver an invigorating and encouraging, if not a sanguine doctrine, his utterances were more generally couched in the key of denunciation, and betrayed a growing despondency.
Although Spain had joined France in the war against Great Britain, she feared to imperil her own colonial interests by directly encouraging and aiding the former British colonies in their revolt against their mother country, and she had refused to recognize the United States as an independent power.
Since the beginning of the th century some attention has been paid to the cultivation of tea and cotton, with encouraging results.
Quasi-legislation by treaty has been directed mainly to encouraging the settlement of international disputes by peaceful methods, and to regulating the conduct of warfare.
In eastern Europe, so far as the figures can be trusted, this is markedly the case, and the birth-rates range between  per mille in Hungary and  in Russia, where the tradition of encouraging prolificity amongst the peasantry has not been effaced.
The Black Death came to that city in , and it is said that, when the city was deserted by all who could leave it, Tauler remained at his post, encouraging by sermons and personal visitations his terror-stricken fellow-citizens.
As early as September , Athanasius was able to travel to Jovian, the new emperor, who had sent him a letter praising his Christian fidelity and encouraging him to resume his work.
Private property is in this sense " natural " from its obvious advantages in encouraging ' The originality - such as it is - of Paley's system (as of Bentham's) lies in its method of working out details rather than in its principles of construction.
Thus, not content with encouraging writers with innovating ideas to the prejudice of traditional institutions, he attacked, in the order of the Jesuits, the strongest defender of these latter, and delivered over the new generation to revolutionary doctrines, A woman.
In general there has been considerable improvement in the condition of agriculture since the introduction of railways, and in cvery province there is a royal commissioner entrusted with the duty of supervising and encouraging this branch of industry.
He protected the Catholic as well as the orthodox clergy, encouraging them both to civilize his subjects; he raised the Lithuanian army to the highest state of efficiency then attainable; defended his borders with a chain of strong fortresses; and built numerous towns including Vilna, the capital (c. ).
His object was to retain the best horses in the country, and to keep the price of them down by limiting the demand and encouraging the supply.
The reason all revolved around the fact that she felt uncomfortable around Rob â€“ and the fact that Alex had said she was encouraging him.
The response of governments has been to further industrialize agriculture, encouraging monocultures and the high use of chemical inputs at increasing costs.
Some of these developments have been very encouraging, but some have had a very adverse effect on all of us.
They have each been very supportive of our niche cashmere strategy and we have been actively encouraging their increased involvement for some time.
The support for those of us that are facilitators is like having a personal cheerleader encouraging us to do our best!
An encouraging result for discerning pizza connoisseurs, who may now be asking for an extra topping of fuzzy logic with their next pizza.
Policy has ranged from encouraging GP involvement to active discouragement coinciding with the setting up of specialist centers in the late s.
Now, after encouraging dinner parties to discuss the full-stop, Lynne Truss is adapting her bestseller eats, Shoots & Leaves for children.
This is the first time I've been in touch with other grandparents in a similar position and it feels very encouraging.
We need to make an effort to start schemes ourselves, and get local authorities actively fostering and encouraging community wind power.
Teach for London - £ , Toward the costs over two years of a program encouraging talented graduates to teach in London.
He appears to find perverse sexual gratification out of encouraging Othello to strangle Desdemona, as if he was anticipating a snuff movie!
Try encouraging your rabbit by putting some of his or her droppings into the box or try using timothy hay or treats.
A new national initiative, it is aimed at encouraging parents to spend just a few minutes a day reading aloud to their children.
The encouraging thing is there is a whole group of people starting to rise up who are challenging this materialism.
It was a real joy to see probably the world's most accomplished box player encouraging a newcomer to the world of folk!
It is one of many ways we are getting involved in supporting London's bid and encouraging others to do the same.
But then the finish and no mistake, a huge clock giving the time looms overhead and the commentator is making encouraging noises.
The seat cushions are designed to keep the pelvis straight thus encouraging the spine to assume its natural S shape.
As part of the public debates, openDemocracy.net is encouraging the public to hold their own meetings on  March with friends and family.
These will address both social science and humanities constituencies, encouraging the rapprochement of disciplines in a comparative approach to contemporary global cultural change.
This has considerable advantages in maintaining the blood clot and encouraging new bone growth to maintain the alveolar bony ridge.
The Waikato teenager's victory is an encouraging sign, given that Holt made the semifinals of the British Junior Championships this year.
Farm forestry is another approach being tried, with projects geared to encouraging smallholders to grow more trees on their land.
The economic measures were introduced purely as a means of encouraging member states to surrender greater sovereignty to the European Communities.
When a tune is played the light moves from one animal to another encouraging the toddler to follow with her eyes, stimulating sight.
The fanaticism of the Muwahhadis did not prevent them from encouraging the establishment of Christians even in Fez, and after the battle of Las Navas de Tolosa they occasionally entered into alliances with the kings of Castile.
He became an Italian in taste and sympathy, entering with enthusiasm into the humanistic ardour of the earlier Renaissance, encouraging men of letters at his court, administering his kingdom on the principles of an enlightened despotism, and lending his authority to establish that equilibrium in the peninsula upon which the politicians of his age believed, not without reason, that Italian independence might be secured.
Some writers proclaimed the necessity of building railways, developing agriculture and encouraging industries, before resorting to revolution; while others, like the Tuscan Gino Capponi, inspired by the example of England and France, wished to make the people fit for freedom by means of improved schools, books and periodicals.
The great promoter of The Eliza- geographical discovery in the Elizabethan period was bethan Richard Hakluyt (-), who was active in the for- era mation of the two companies for colonizing Virginia i n ; and devoted his life to encouraging and recording similar undertakings.
C. Brooke of Welling, Kent, succeeded in making a wolf fairly tractable, the experience of others has been the reverse of encouraging.
He was everywhere, encouraging and compelling his men - it is a legend in the French army that the persuasion even of the imperial boot was used upon some of his reluctant conscripts, and in the result his system was fully justified, as it triumphed even against a great tactical surprise.
He was charged with aiming at a dictatorship, with permitting or even encouraging the imprisonment, torture and execution without trial of political opponents, with maladministration of the finances and with aggression against the neighbouring states.
The pragmatic claim for religion, therefore, is that to those who will take the first step and will to believe an encouraging amount of the appropriate verifications accrues.
The victory had an important influence on Burgoyne's campaign (see American War Of Independence), weakening Burgoyne and encouraging the American militia to take the field against him.
He realized that one of the most potent factors in the Milner situation was the attitude of the Cape Dutch, and in March  at Graaff Reinet Milner called upon the Dutch citizens of the Cape, " especially those who had gone so far in the expression of their sympathy for the Transvaal as to expose themselves to charges of disloyalty to their own flag " to use all their influence, not in confirming the Transvaal in unjustified suspicions, not in encouraging its government in obstinate resistance to all reform, but in inducing it gradually to assimilate its institutions, and the temper and spirit of its administration, to those of the free communities of South Africa, such as Cape Colony or the Orange Free State.
From  onward Philip and his sons had been striving to make an end of the power of the Plantagenets in Aquitaine, sometimes by the simple argument of war, more frequently by the insidious process of encroaching on ducal rights, summoning litigants to Paris, and encouraging local magnates and cities alike to play off their allegiance to their suzerain against that to their immediate lord.
Gladstone, before he accepted office, had denounced the policy of annexing the Transvaal; his language was so strong that he was charged with encouraging the Beers to maintain their independence by force; his example had naturally been imitated by some of his followers at the general election; and, when be resumed power, he found himself in the difficult dilemma of either maintaining an arrangement which he had declared to be unwise, or of yielding to a demand which the Boers were already threatening to support in arms. The events of the first year of his administration added to his difficulty.
Only when footsteps or voices were heard did they look at one another, the princess anxious and inquiring, the nurse encouraging.
A truly encouraging performance on crime was delivered by the New York police between  and , where it was reduced by two-thirds.
But ultimately by buying into that genre, it dodges the hard task of encouraging us to sympathize with a basically repugnant character.
The Waikato teenager 's victory is an encouraging sign, given that Holt made the semifinals of the British Junior Championships this year.
A spokesman for the health ministry in Germany said they are now encouraging the opening of milk banks across the country.
In one small trial guggul produced encouraging results when compared to the antibiotic tetracycline in the treatment of acne .
It was rare to see a parent rebuking their children in the tight-knit community; instead they were constantly encouraging their children.
Although the phrase attachment parenting wasn't typically used until Dr. Jim Sears began encouraging the practice among parents, this type of parenting isn't new.
The company develops these videos as a means of encouraging a baby's natural curiosity, using music, language, art, poetry, science and nature.
Although you may not be able to create a good sleeping routine during those first few weeks, you can lay the groundwork for encouraging your baby to become a better sleeper.
While Hot Milk certainly wants women to look and feel beautiful while wearing their bras, they also believe in providing security and comfort, thus encouraging women to continue breastfeeding their babies.
Unglazed ceramic or stoneware dishes can easily trap small particles of food along their rough exteriors, thereby encouraging the breeding of harmful bacteria.
If the only plaques you see are from the Better Business Bureau, the local veterinary association, and a notice that payment is due upon exam, these are not entirely encouraging signs.
While it is encouraging when your pets just loves the treats you've baked for them, be sure to limit how many they eat.
Once you figure out why there may be a problem, you can solve that and then work on encouraging your cat back into the litter box.
Encouraging children to read puts them on the path to a successful life, so it should come as no surprise that Scholastic book clubs are very popular in elementary schools across the United States.
Free online books for kids can be an excellent resource for anyone interested in encouraging a child's love of reading.
Comic books often explore issues relating to history, government, science, and technology - thus encouraging children to learn more about these topics.
In this way, chapter book series can be a great addition to your library, furthering their interest in reading and encouraging kids to read material that will challenge them.
Encouraging kids to enjoy reading and dig deeper to improve their reading skills starts with providing quality books that are engaging and high interest.
When they think of encouraging children to read, many people limit themselves to trips to library to check out physical books.
Reading historical fiction with a child, and encouraging her to check out more historical books have a few distinct benefits.
Parents can get a snapshot of their children's activity, and they can send encouraging messages to their kids to motivate them to keep reading.
Sending your kids to the Friends for Change webpage, or encouraging them to tune into the Disney channel on TV will help drive the environmental message home in a number of ways.
Black drawing salves are great for "drawing out" or encouraging the body to expel foreign material, such as splinters, glass shards, or stings.
A bold color can also help distinguish the window, encouraging the occupants of the log cabin to take a look at the view.
Her parents were from Argentina, but it's Kat's paternal grandmother who is attributed with playing a big part in encouraging Kat's artistic talents.
Encouraging your child to delve into art projects will also strengthen her cognitive and problem-solving skills, her sensory abilities, and her fine motor skills.
By focusing on family and encouraging your teens to participate in multiple activities involving an array of social groups, you can help insulate your teens fro the negative effects of cliques.
Encouraging them to reach their full potential in the classroom is the first step on the path toward lifelong learning.
Encouraging young teens to group date is the best way for them to get to know that special someone a bit better, and they can progress to private dates after they have had more experience with each other.
By encouraging teens to work hard on their science project, attending their science fair, and lending support when they need it most, you are showing your teen that you love them and desire to be involved in their life.
Your graduation invitations are a way of encouraging people to come to your graduation ceremony or a post-graduation party, as well as a way to share the important news.
When signing your friends' yearbooks and senior books, adding a short poem or quote about success is an encouraging way to help your friends remember you in years to come.
Positive reinforcement and encouraging your daughter to make the right kind of friends as a pre-teenager will go a long way once she has more freedom as a teen.
By encouraging healthy living habits and either abstaining from tobacco or quitting existing nicotine use, parents can teach their children how to stay away from nicotine products.
Well, Diddy is at it again, encouraging young people to stand up and be counted by casting their vote in this November's Presidential Election.
Stories of celebrity cancer survivors can be very encouraging for those going through the stages of cancer and for their families.
Minogue has been credited with raising awareness about breast cancer with young women, and encouraging them to get exams and screening for the disease.
If there is still conflict, consider encouraging her to spend her own money on clothes you do not approve of, or find a compromise somewhere in the middle.
While you may choose to go without one, try encouraging him to look like a "big boy" for Easter and give one a go.
Toddlers often enjoy leg warmers because unlike leggings or even socks, the leg warmers are something a child can put on almost completely by herself, encouraging the beginning of feeling independent.
However, party schools have a notorious reputation for allowing (and sometimes, even encouraging) gratuitous alcohol use among undergraduates, even those who are not of the legal drinking age.
The concept behind the head halter is that it allows a pet owner to mimic the pack leader asserting dominance, thereby encouraging good behavior and eliminating bad behavior.
However, playing from tabs provides a foundation for learning all these things by encouraging familiarity with the notes and the instrument.
We believe it is important to take a grassroots approach to being green and encouraging and educating your neighbors to get involved.
Recently LoveToKnow had the opportunity to talk with Vicki Koenig, registered nutritionist and dietitian for Stonyfield Farm, about encouraging children to eat organically by creating a menu from local, organic ingredients.
Because of this it has been touted as a tea that helps prevent diseases and the government studies have been encouraging.
Taking a warm bath and desensitizing your body and mind prior to bed can help you to relax, therefore encouraging sleep.
The Raging Bull roller coaster is a terrifying and delightful ride at Six Flags Great America and one that is sure to continue encouraging riders to test the limits of their fear for many years to come.
The game is famous for putting the stealth-action genre on the map, by encouraging players to avoid enemies rather than confront them.
Afterall, what wine lover doesn't need a t-shirt that reads "You Had Me at Merlot" or wine glasses that bear their name while encouraging their guests to stay for awhile and have great conversation?
Adolescents fare best and their parents are happiest when parents can be both encouraging and accepting of the child's needs for more psychological independence.
Attempts have been made to design sets of TAT cards for African American and for elderly test subjects, but the results have not been encouraging.
Parents can help their child by encouraging persistence, allowing the child to do normal activities for him or herself, and not becoming frustrated and doing them for the child.
Finding out what special talents or interests these children have and encouraging them through classes or events makes them feel like they matter and are as important as firstborns or lastborns.
Emphasizing their childrens strengths, especially when these children appear sad or depressed, and encouraging them to stay active and see their friends can help a child cope with the disease.
Experts have found that physical activity decreases in this age group, so parents should focus on being supportive and encouraging their children to be physically active.
Peer influence and hormonal changes can affect participation in group physical activities, so parents should consider encouraging exercise at home for children reluctant to participate with peers.
Parents can help their infants develop their intelligence by talking and reading to them, playing with them, and encouraging them to play with a variety of age-appropriate toys.
When a child is between one and two years old, parents should start encouraging activities that allow the child to learn how to use hands to manipulate objects and learn how different things fit together.
Women's coaches have become increasingly aware of the problem since the early s and are encouraging female athletes to seek medical advice.
Psychotherapy, such as cognitive-behavioral therapy, can be a useful tool in helping patients and their families adjust to the disorder, in encouraging compliance to a medication regimen, and in reducing the risk of suicide.
By encouraging the development of the three key elements of self esteem-acceptance, competence, and purpose-parents can help a child with skeletal abnormalities develop positive body image and confidence in his or her abilities.
Free fatty acids from lipid stores are increased, encouraging the production of ketoacids in the liver, leading to an over-acidic condition (metabolic acidosis) that causes even more disruption in body processes.
Preliminary results are encouraging, but it will be many years before the safety and effectiveness of this therapy is fully known.
Finally, they reinforce creativity in their children by a general attitude of respect and confidence toward them and by actively encouraging creative pursuits and praising the results.
Those who attend a children's dance class providing an uplifting and encouraging environment tend to exude more self confidence and the ability to make decisions.
It's also about enhancing intimacy, creating passion, discouraging relationship stressors (such as infidelity), encouraging stability and promoting harmony in all aspects of life together.
After Banks rocked her real locks she announced that she planned to spend the remainder of her fifth season encouraging women to be proud of their natural beauty.
Encouraging the kids to play around with the computer gives them a feel for the machine and helps them develop their coordination when using the mouse and keyboard.
The books are also child friendly and easily understood, encouraging a love of math for the student rather than forcing them to learn by rote.
Both Acts were designed to help stimulate the economy by encouraging home purchases by first time buyers as well as buyers who had not owned a home in the last three years.
As you get closer to your baby's birth, your care provider may be encouraging you to take a childbirth class such as Lamaze.
Create opportunities for social interaction by encouraging your child to participate in playgroups, religious organizations, athletic events, and other organized recreational activities.
With nurses and family members encouraging the mother to "Breathe!" and "Push!", medical machines clicking or beeping, and a TV in the background, an American birth can be pretty noisy.
We did get that initial "resistance" that almost every new designer gets in the market, but we focused on the encouraging comments and people, and it all worked out for the best.
Raven's mature attitude toward her figure, handling critics and moving on with her life (which includes more albums and more acting) is very positive and can be encouraging not only to growing girls, but to adult women as well.
You know spring is approaching when SI puts out its celebrated issue, perfect for guys who want to peruse the hottest swimwear models as well as for encouraging women to get in better shape to fit into those tiny bikinis for the summer!
The strategically placed Tripwires™ make the suit more hydrodynamic and efficient, thereby improving the wearer's performance while also improving muscle performance and encouraging recovery.
By encouraging the arms to consistently move faster, you breathe more, thus gaining more oxygen which keeps the muscles working at maximum capacity.
Align probiotic is a dietary supplement said to help align or regulate digestion by encouraging the growth of friendly bacteria colonies.
Research into resveratrol has been encouraging, though much is yet to be learned about the benefits of the polyphenols and anthocyanadins found in red grapes.
If it seems that children are getting frustrated with a particular game, take a break from it for a few weeks and then pull it out again, or try encouraging them patiently if they feel they're not succeeding.
She lectured extensively on her war experiences in the hopes of encouraging people to support nursing, care for wounded veterans, and disaster relief.
Encouraging parents to pass out flyers, posting them in popular businesses, and contacting your local newspaper for a story about it.
Having your children make your Christmas tree decorations is an excellent way to get into the spirit of the holiday while encouraging your children to develop their creativity.
Bulletins can be fun ways to break the ice with comment games, "add to the list" activities, and similar ideas encouraging you to interact with other members.
Speed dating is a game that puts a time limit on your response, encouraging you to think fast and say the things you hope your date will like.
These avatars have many different factors you can try and influence - for example, encouraging them to take up new hobbies by buying them magazines - and virtual parties and the thrill of the goodnight kiss all become part of the game.
In fact, some "seduction experts" recommend this for adults, encouraging men say to something mildly insulting to the woman of their desire.
While being a good boyfriend isn't an exact science, it is about encouraging your girlfriend to be the best person she can be and doing the same for yourself.
The site has expanded far beyond only being a dating site simply by encouraging community, and that takes some of the pressure off of users.
This simply means that the same company bought more than one domain name to reach more people, and probably is an encouraging sign for new members.
Founded by people like gay community activist David Kooy, the online community of Lovetastic prides itself on not "making assumptions" about its members, and encouraging "meaningful connections."
Where the proposal happens sets the mood for the question, whether it is bright and refreshing, surrounded by family and friends in a supportive and encouraging atmosphere, or in an intimate, romantic locale.
The question was how to create a demand for diamonds while also encouraging individuals to pay a premium price for them.
However, amongst the many encouraging gluten-free blogs that offer free recipes on the Internet, what makes Allrich's work so remarkable?
A youth group, for example, may fill a bag with Scripture verses, some sort of treat (such as candy or comic books) and inspirational or encouraging words from the group's leader.
The home-oriented and romantic nature of Cancer is familiar and encouraging to a Capricorn who needs an escape from the world's events.
While it's great to keep encouraging your child, parents can do sometimes do more harm than good worrying about education.
Teachers in many school districts also report they are being pressured to "teach to the test" instead of encouraging students to develop a comprehensive understanding of the subject matter.
No matter the type of parenting style, at one point most parents will have to assume the role of reprimanding their children for poor behavior, all while keeping the home environment positive and encouraging.
In addition to encouraging tasks and behaviors, reward charts can be used as a way to help build confidence and self-discipline.
Take Action-A focus is placed on encouraging these girls to take action in order to make the world a better place.
Like the television shows featured on Nick Jr, most Nick kids games have an educational element, encouraging the development of necessary skills as children enjoy playing along with their favorite Nick characters.
Art activities can take that a step further, not only putting anticipation and enthusiasm into the beginning of the school year but also encouraging creativity and personal expression.
Encouraging children to create reports or even stories about famous mathematicians such as Richard Feynman, Einstein, or Pythagoras might also appeal to kids who aren't wanting to focus on numbers themselves, but on the history of math.
This decision made it so that when a film was scheduled to come out of the vault, it would seem like a brand new film to children, encouraging parents and other adults to purchase the film for them.
A major concern for many wig wearers, especially those encouraging new hair growth, is whether a hair model will damage original hair.
Young children especially love learning about nature, and it is a good opportunity to teach them a valuable skill while encouraging them to eat their greens at the same time.
Unfortunately, this can have the inadvertent effect of encouraging a pattern of overspending that will continue even after the children have their own homes.
That system has been steadily improved with the addition of slip resistant soles, further encouraging safety in hazardous work environments.
Braeden returned to the soap opera in January , an encouraging sign to fans who want to see Sharon and Nick reunited with their child and Adam to get what is coming to him.
It may be difficult for your child to make friends, but you can help by encouraging her to get involved in school.
Art kits and supplies are great for encouraging the development of those fine motor skills, as well as encouraging creativity and imagination.
Advice about networking informs you about the process of seeking beneficial relationships, establishing those relationships and encouraging them to grow over time so they continue to help you.
You can involve the crowd by holding up boards that say "Shoot" and "Score," encouraging the crowd to pick up the volume and "whoop" along with you at the beginning of the cheer.
Not only will you raise money during the clinic, you'll also be encouraging team spirit and involvement in younger community members.
From picture checklists for the youngest to encouraging reward checklists for older children, you will find something that will benefit your family's functionality.
This may mean that you need to keep an open mind, just like you've been encouraging your reluctant crafters to do.
This is a great way to get your holiday cards made quickly while encouraging your child's creativity and interest in paper crafting projects.
Involving your child in sports, or merely encouraging physical activities like bike riding or roller skating, can be a crucial factor in keeping your child healthy.
This book reflects the same principles as the negative calorie diet by encouraging the consumption of low calorie foods that require high energy to digest as a method to lose weight.
With its easy to use products and encouraging atmosphere, the company has become one of the most well-known diet plans in the world.
Critics also accuse major fast food chains of playing a big role in encouraging the consolidation and centralized production of food products.
The diets typically work much like the Atkins Diet, in that they restrict carbohydrates while encouraging a higher intake of protein.
Aerobic activity is very important for the prevention of cardiovascular disease because it keeps the blood effectively circulating, thereby encouraging the transport of fats and toxins out of the body.
While some Americans might find it off putting, in general you can feel free to smile or say "thank you" without feeling like you might be too encouraging.
These programs are designed to help companies recognize potential hazards within the workplace while encouraging employees to work as safely as possible.
By , its stock market rating had fallen considerably, which concerned investors, encouraging them to move on to greener pastures.
The most important thing to look for is a fabric that will wick moisture away from your skin, encouraging sweat to evaporate.
It's a useful skill and can make everyone's life far less expensive, as well as encouraging creativity and a unique clothing sense.
After searching for their favorite artists, users are directed to similar artists, and genre pages offer a variety of new tracks and information, encouraging users to discover new music and artists.
As part of its mission statement, LaCuerda.net does not post lyrics from English-language songs in the hopes of better spreading the culture of the Spanish-speaking world and encouraging the sharing of songs between countries.
Sometimes, looking up encouraging song lyrics, and printing them out to hang in your room, locker or office can help you stay motivated throughout the day.
Don't think of this as encouraging drinking behavior as much as a way to establish an understanding of how flavors mix and match.
Use casual language that will encourage guests to plunge into the fun, and be sure to include any special instructions such as encouraging guests to wear their brightest tropical shirt or sexiest swimsuit.
His first venture, Quantum International Sales, boasts $ billion in annual sales.Harrington is known for encouraging startup businesses, and has founded two networking organizations to help entrepreneurs achieve success.
In this show, she will actually reside with families who are overweight, encouraging them to eat right and exercise with her own personal style of motivation.
While known as a serious cancer that can cause severe illness and death, it is also encouraging to know that skin cancer can be thoroughly treatable when caught early enough.
In fact the various online discussion forums which encourage discussion among users about topics that interest them are encouraging those users to expand their circle of friends outside their immediate geography.
In the report they warn that continuing to have women wear skimpy athletic uniforms can have a detrimental effect on encouraging younger women to participate in athletics due to body image issues.
The reason all revolved around the fact that she felt uncomfortable around Rob – and the fact that Alex had said she was encouraging him.
A serious breach with Russia followed, which was widened by the part which the prince subsequently played in encouraging the national aspirations of the Bulgarians.
On more than one occasion Bismarck had maintained direct relations with the chiefs of the Left, and had in Io worked to prevent a FrancoItalian alliance by encouraging the party of action to press for the occupation of Rome.
Austria had persistently adopted a policy of pin-pricks and aggravating police provocation towards the Italians of the Adriatic Littoral and of the Trentino, while encouraging the Slavonic element in the former and the Germans in the latter.
Its most important feature on the theological as distinct from the political side was the endeavour to promote the circulation of the Bible in the vernacular, by encouraging translation and procuring an order in  that a copy of the Bible in English should be set up in every church in a convenient place for reading.
This was in ; but in spite of the encouraging results the use of arsenic does not appear to have made any further progress.
A systematic campaign for the destruction of breedingplaces has been inaugurated in the British West African colonies, with encouraging results.
An encouraging example is afforded by the remarkable fact that malaria, which was once rife in certain districts of England, has now died out, although the Anopheles maculipennis mosquito still exists there.
The judges, in making their awards at the show held annually in December, at Islington, North London (since ), are instructed to decide according to quality of flesh, lightness of offal, age and early maturity, with no restrictions as to feeding, and thus to promote the primary aim of the club in encouraging the selection and breeding of the best and most useful animals for the production of meat, and testing their capabilities in respect of early maturity.
Accused of assisting the king's flight, of supplying emigres with funds, and of encouraging the resistance of the royal troops on the th of August , she was condemned to death, and executed on the th of May .
In pursuance of the policy of encouraging the self-governing powers of the Basuto, a national council was instituted and held its first sitting in July .
By his economic legislation Solon placed Athenian agriculture once more upon a sound footing, and supplemented this source of wealth by encouraging commercial enterprise, thus laying the foundation of his country's material prosperity.
Most of the leading breeds have clubs or societies, which have been founded by admirers with a view to furthering the interests of their favourites; and such combinations as the Bulldog Club (incorporated), the London Bulldog Society, the British Bulldog Club, the Fox Terrier Club, the Association of Bloodhound Breeders - under whose management the first man-hunting trials were held, - the Bloodhound Hunt Club, the Collie Club, the Dachshund Club, the Dandie Dinmont Terrier Club, the English Setter Club, the Gamekeepers' Association of the United Kingdom, the International Gun Dog League, the Irish Terrier Club, the Irish Wolfhound Club, the St Bernard Club, the National Terrier Club, the Pomeranian Club, the Spaniel Club, the Scottish Terrier Club and the Toy Bulldog Club have done good work in keeping the claims of the breeds they represent before the dogowning public and encouraging the breeding of dogs to type.
Columella regarded the gains from the births as a sufficient motive for encouraging these unions, and thought that mothers should be rewarded for their fecundity; Varro, too, seems to have taken this view.
The Pennsylvanian Quakers advised their members against the trade in ; in  they issued to their brethren a strong dissuasive against encouraging it in any manner; in  all persons concerned in the traffic, and in  all slave holders who would not emancipate their slaves, were excluded from membership. The Quakers in the other American provinces followed the lead of their brethren in Pennsylvania.
Fries, assuming leadership, organized an armed band of about sixty men, who marched about the country intimidating the assessors and encouraging the people to resist.
The Islamite rulers in Spain were not long behind those of the East in encouraging learning and medical science, and developed culture to a still higher degree of perfection.
There is little doubt, however, that in the near future means will be devised to obtain the most efficient work from these minute organisms, either by special artificial cultivation and subsequent application to the soil, or by improved methods of encouraging their healthy growth and activity in the land where they already exist.
All these plans failed at the critical moment, and the most effective work done by the order was in encouraging desertion from the Federal armies, preventing enlistments, and resisting the draft.
He saw a good deal of French society, and was himself much admired for his hearty defence of his rival Pitt against a foolish charge of encouraging plots for Napoleon's assassination.
Frederick William's accession to the throne (August , ) was, indeed, followed by a series of measures for lightening the burdens of the people, reforming the oppressive French system of tax-collecting introduced by Frederick, and encouraging trade by the diminution of customs dues and the making of roads and canals.
He again led the vanguard in the emperor Henry's expedition against Burilas the Bulgarian, and he is represented by the Valenciennes scribe as encouraging his sovereign to the attack in a long speech.
From the south also came the thunder of guns and no encouraging news from that quarter had as yet reached the prince's headquarters.
In the following January he received from the pope a letter commending his action, and encouraging him in his social reforms. He was defeated at the general election of that year, but in  was returned for Finistere (Morlaix).
Johann Reuchlin, a well-known scholar, who had been charged by the Dominicans with heresy, not only received the support of the newer type of scholars, who wrote him encouraging letters which he published under the title Epistolae clarorum virorum, but this collection suggested to Crotus Rubianus and Ulrich von Hutten one of the most successful satires of the ages, the Epistolae obscurorum virorum.
The outcome of the uprising was an encouraging test of loyalty to the commonwealth; and the insurrection is regarded as having been very potent in preparing public opinion throughout the country for the adoption of a stronger national government.
The grand-duke's connexion with the courts of Russia and Holland - his mother was a Russian grand-duchess and his wife, Sophia Louisa (-), a princess of the Netherlands - tended to give the Weimar society a cosmopolitan character, and the grand-duke devoted himself largely to encouraging men of intellect, whether Germans or foreigners, who came to visit or to settle in the town.
A few bishops, notably Gerard of Cambrai (-), seem from the first to have opposed the peace laws of the Church as encroaching on royal authority, but the lay rulers usually co-operated with the ecclesiastical authorities in encouraging and maintaining the Truce of God.
During the four years for which he held that office, although he allowed the finances of the colony to get into confusion, he endeavoured to improve its condition by introducing the vine, sugar-cane and tobacco plant, and by encouraging the breeding of horses and the reclamation of land.
During President Cleveland's first administration (-), Whitney was secretary of the navy department and did much to develop the navy, especially by encouraging the domestic manufacture of armour plate.
Hence the necessity for outward conformity, and the importance attached to ritual and ceremony, unity in which must be established at all costs, in contrast to dogma and doctrine, in which he showed himself lenient and large-minded, winning over Hales by friendly discussion, and encouraging the publication of Chillingworth's Religion of Protestants.
The Upper House of the Convocation of Canterbury in May  appointed a committee to consider the expediency of " permitting or encouraging " the use of the Revised Version in the public services of the Church.
The policy adopted by the early emperors of encouraging, within the limits of a uniform system, the independence and civic patriotism of the towns, was superseded in the rd and th centuries by a deliberate effort to use the towns as instruments of the imperial government, under the direct control of the emperor or his representatives in the provinces.
The idea of encouraging the citizens to assist in the detection of crime or treason against the state was commendable; it was not the use, but the abuse of the privilege that was so injurious.
The policy of encouraging the provision of ample cold-storage accommodation has been developed still further by the Cold Storage Act of the Dominion parliament passed in , under which subsidies are granted in part payment of the cost of erecting and equipping cold-storage warehouses in Canada for the preservation of perishable foodproducts.
The seed branch of the department of agriculture was established in  for the purpose of encouraging the production and use of seeds of superior quality, thereby improving all kinds of field and garden crops grown in Canada.
The Thomist reaction has had a good effect in the way of encouraging the study of Aristotelian philosophy in itself, and as modified by Aquinas.
Maximilian's son, Ferdinand Maria (-), who was a minor when he succeeded, did much indeed to repair the wounds caused by the Thirty Years' War, encouraging agriculture and industries, and building or restoring numerous churches and monasteries.
He soon became a prominent figure in college and university life, encouraging especially the study of political science and modern political history, the extension of university teaching and the movement for the training of teachers.
The Catholic party also strove to mitigate the principle of obligatory military service by encouraging the system of volunteering and by a reduction of the time of active service and of the number with the colours.
The loss of seats by the Socialists showed that even among the working men the national agitation was gaining ground; the diminished influence of the anti-Semites was the most encouraging sign.
The efforts of the administration to better the condition of the natives without undue interference with customary law met with encouraging results, and the submission of the Aros to the government in  brought to an end the system of tribal warfare for the purpose of making slaves, while the enforcement of a proclamation of  prohibiting the buying, pawning or selling of slaves had a salutary effect.
They also disliked and opposed his measures for introducing education among the natives and his encouraging the freedom of the press.
The success of Wallenstein, with which Schiller passed at once into the front rank of European dramatists, was so encouraging that the poet resolved to devote himself with redoubled ardour to dramatic poetry.
In completing Wilhelm Meister, Goethe found a sympathetic and encouraging critic in Schiller, to whom he owed in great measure his renewed interest in poetry.
He actually opposed the Irish Poor Law, as encouraging a communistic spirit; he declared a movement against rent a crime; and, though he had a strong sympathy with the Irish peasant, and advocated a reform of his precarious tenure, it is difficult to imagine that he could have approved the cardinal principle of the Irish Land Act of , the judicial adjustment of rent by the state.
All over the country are olive-trees, the fruit and oil of which are a staple product of the country; the trade is however hampered by an excessive tax on trees, which not only discourages plantation, but has the unfortunate effect of encouraging destruction.
He favoured trade by encouraging Flemish emigrants to settle in the country, by improving the roads, regulating the coinage and establishing the first posts.
The habit of allowing their meat to putrefy before regarding it as fit for food, and of encouraging children of tender age to drink to intoxication, accounts for absence of old folk and the heavy mortality which are to be observed among the Muruts of British North Borneo and some of the other more debased tribes of the interior of the island.
But the Bourbon government had no intention of encouraging them too much; it clung as closely as Napoleon himself to the idea of a State Church, taking its orders from the government.
Such conflicts did much to increase the power of the pope, by encouraging local Churches to turn to him as their protector.
The church saw no danger in encouraging a pseudo-pagan ideal of life, violating its own principle of existence by assuming the policy of an aggrandizing secular state, and outraging Christendom openly by its acts and utterances.
Gustavus and his successor did much for Finland by founding schools and gymnasia, building churches, encouraging learning and introducing printing.
The high cost of carriage, and the need of encouraging commerce in a community relying on external sources for its food supply, help to explain the comparatively low rates adopted.
As a matter of fact, the earlier and more democratic types of primitive society, uncontaminated by our civilization, do not present many features to which the modern conscience can take exception, but display rather the edifying spectacle of religious brotherhoods encouraging themselves by mystical communion to common effort.
A number of experiments in jute cultivation were made during , and the report showed that very encouraging results were obtained from land manured with cow-dung.
He was to treat with his majesty of Trafique and Commerce for our English Marchants, but his reception was not encouraging, and led to no result of importance.
The existence of such a law is very encouraging so far as artificial flight is concerned, for it shows that the flying surfaces of a large, heavy, powerful flying machine will be comparatively small, and consequently comparatively compact and strong.
The waters of City Creek were at first diverted and a canal was built; and the results were encouraging, though in the summer of  crops were destroyed by a swarm of black crickets; but in turn this pest was devoured by sea-gulls, and the phrase " gulls and crickets " has become one of peculiar historic significance in Utah.
Hamilton encouraging the confusion by speaking of "psychology or metaphysics,"  while his lectures on metaphysics are mainly taken up with what belongs in the strictest sense to psychology proper, with an occasional excursus (as in the theory of perception) into epistemology.
About the beginning of the th century, however, the experiments of Messrs Settle and Padfield at Exeter, Messrs Woodall and Duckham at Bournemouth, and Dr Bueb in Germany showed such encouraging results that the idea of the vertical retort again came to the front, and several systems were proposed and tried.
In March  Gordon proceeded to Sungkiang to take command of the force, which had received the name of " The Ever-Victorious Army," an encouraging though somewhat exaggerated title, considering its previous history.
American Fidelity frequently markets directly to employers and has been encouraging automatic insurance premium deductions from paychecks long before other insurance companies consider this a mainstream way to obtain insurance premiums.
In  a new policy of railway development by the direct agency of the state was inaugurated; and in  the system of encouraging private enterprise by state assistance was again resorted to.
The Borneo Company is engaged in working gold-mines in the upper part of the Sarawak valley, and the prospects of the enterprise, which is conducted on a fairly extensive scale, are known to be encouraging.
The neighbors continued to help, but they had their own lives to live and she was encouraging them to get back to their normal activities.
