
Sentences
At this juncture, alas, he is cruelly betrayed by his wicked nephew Mordred who has usurped the throne at home.
This makes it an offense to kill, injure, capture or cruelly ill-treat a badger, or to interfere with a badger sett.
Unfortunately foot and mouth disease has brought this season to a premature close and cruelly robbed me of this opportunity.
The action is the latest salvo in PETA's international campaign against the retail giant over its use of cruelly obtained Australian wool.
Many recusants were penned up, starved and cruelly treated, even tortured when they attempted escape, in the vaults of Dunottar Castle.
The General Assemblies, henceforth, under the influence of the diplomatic Carstairs (who had been cruelly tortured in , to extract information about the Rye House Plot), did little to thwart government, though many " placed ministers " were, at heart, attached to the ancient claims of Knox and Melville.
After an obstinate resistance the town was taken by the besiegers on the th of June , and in January  Bockholdt and some of his more prominent followers, after being cruelly tortured, were executed in the market-place.
On the morrow the western horizon would clear again, until some such disaster as that which befell Varus would come to mortify cruelly the pride of an Augustus.
The action is the latest salvo in PETA 's international campaign against the retail giant over its use of cruelly obtained Australian wool.
But goals on  and  minutes saw the points cruelly snatched away from them and sent Sutton into hyperactive celebrations.
But, cruelly out of place amid the strict protocol of State, Diana seeks solace in the arms of Rugby players and Arabs.
This is a "% Flame-Free" website, meaning that the site owners have a low tolerance for people behaving cruelly or rudely on their website,.focusing instead on creating a pleasant experience for all who visit.
They were therefore naturally open to bribery and corruption, with the result that, while the rich often got off almost scot free, the poor were unduly taxed, and often cruelly oppressed by the tax collectors and farmers of revenue.
Electra, cruelly ill-treated by Clytaemnestra and her paramour, never loses hope that her brother will return to avenge his father.
Lord Chesterfield well knew the value of such a compliment; and therefore, when the day of publication drew near, he exerted himself to soothe, by a show of zealous and at the same time of delicate and judicious kindness, the pride which he had so cruelly wounded.
No mercy was shown him, nor did he in the least deserve mercy; he had wantonly attacked the peace of the country, and had cruelly libelled James.
Cheke was visited by two priests and by Dr John Feckenham, dean of St Paul's, whom he had formerly tried to convert to Protestantism, and, terrified by a threat of the stake, he gave way and was received into the Church of Rome by Cardinal Pole, being cruelly forced to make two public recantations.
They were known to be only a comparatively small minority of the population, and though they had been cruelly persecuted, they had suffered without a thought of resistance- Dread of the dissenters, therefore, had become a mere chimaera, which only those could entertain whose minds were influenced by prejudice.
Convicts were sent to the state penitentiary of Kansas until January , when it was charged that they were treated cruelly there; in  work was begun on a penitentiary at McAlester.
They were cruelly deceived by a leadership that in the end had no stomach for a fight with New Labor.
Even now he felt clearly that the gory trace of that recollection would not pass with time, but that the terrible memory would, on the contrary, dwell in his heart ever more cruelly and painfully to the end of his life.
Resistance to the financial extortions of the government was cruelly chastised, and the "Chambre Ardente" was instituted against the Reformers.
But such inferences as these are but a vague return for the labour expended, and an almost cruelly inadequate response to seemingly well-founded expectations.
In Igo Philopoemen protected Sparta, which meanwhile had joined the League and thereupon seceded, but punished a renewed defection so cruelly as to draw the censure of Rome upon his country.
We lose trace of the plot to slay him from the th of October   till the end of May , the documents being missing; but on the th of May  Beaton was cruelly murdered in his castle of St Andrews.
The Virginia colonial government, in earlier days cruelly intolerant, gave a limited toleration to Baptists of this type; but the "Separate" Baptists were too enthusiastic and too much alive to the evils of state control in religious matters to be willing to take out licences for their meetings, and soon came into sharp conflict with the authorities.
Still more famous is the story of Suanihilda (Svanhildr), who according to Northern tradition was his wife and was cruelly put to death on a false charge of unfaithfulness.
He accompanied this emperor, for whom he expresses enthusiastic admiration, in his campaigns against the Alamanni and the Persians; after his death he took part in the retreat of Jovian as far as Antioch, where he was residing when the conspiracy of Theodorus () was discovered and cruelly put down.
Though their ancestors had been pirates as fierce as the vikings of the th century, and though some of their later kings had led naval armamentsEdwin had annexed for a moment Man and Anglesea, and Ecgfrith had cruelly ravaged part of Irelandyet by the year  they appear to have ceased to be a seafaring race.
In  they harried Mercia so cruelly that King Burgred fled in despair to Rome; the victors divided up his realm, taking the eastern half for themselves, and establishing in it a confederacy, whose jarls occupied the five boroughs of Stamford, Lincoln, Derby, Nottingham and Leicester.
The book appeared anonymously, the author having, as he himself says, nothing in view beyond furnishing a statement of the faith of the persecuted Protestants, whom he saw cruelly cut to pieces by impious and perfidious court parasites.'
The Jews, who had suffered cruelly from the brutal fanaticism of the Almohifdes, had done a great deal to forward the conquest of Andalusia.
War between Great Britain and Russia was declared on the th of March , and it thus fell to the lot of the most pacific of ministers, the devotee of retrenchment, and the anxious cultivator of all industrial arts, to prepare a war budget, and to meet as well as he might the exigencies of a conflict which had so cruelly dislocated all the ingenious devices of financial optimism.
About  Adelaide, widow of Lothair, son of Hugh, king of Italy, having refused to marry the son of Berengar, margrave of Ivrea, was cast into prison and cruelly treated.
While together they held Wessex for Hardicanute, the atheling iElfred, son of Emma by her former husband 'Ethelred II., landed in England in the hope of winning back his father's crown; but falling into the hands of Godwine, he and his followers were cruelly done to death.
The cannon balls flew just as swiftly and cruelly from both sides, crushing human bodies, and that terrible work which was not done by the will of a man but at the will of Him who governs men and worlds continued.
During the th and th centuries the Netherlands suffered cruelly from the attacks of the Northmen, who ravaged the The in- shores and at times penetrated far inland.
But he was allowed to linger in his prison until  when he died, the sight of his wife and children being cruelly refused to the dying man.
In  the Vandal king Huneric (-) sent an Arian bishop to Tipasa; whereupon a large number of the inhabitants fled to Spain, while many of the remainder were cruelly persecuted.
Taxed with a tribute in furs from the earliest years of the Russian conquest, they often revolted in the th century, but were cruelly reduced to obedience.
