
When I heard he was your father, I was so excited that I finally had a father-in-law that I could talk to.
She was very much excited when we went upstairs; so I tried to interest her in a curious insect called a stick-bug.
Natasha saw and felt the agitation the two elderly men and her brother were trying to conceal, and was herself excited by it.
Excited to see that even this world had video games, she sat in the chair behind the buttons and screen, studying all three in an attempt to figure out how the game worked.
At least he was finally making an effort to see his sister - and Katie was actually excited about his visit.
Rostov, in dismay, began justifying himself, but seeing the kindly, jocular face of the general, he took him aside and in an excited voice told him the whole affair, asking him to intercede for Denisov, whom the general knew.
It now made sense how Ully had been able to free them and talk Jared into letting them go.  Toby had been too excited to find their escape too easy at the time, but now, he realized it was … weird.  He'd failed again.  He couldn't even escape on his own.
Natasha with animated and excited face was telling him how she had gone to look for mushrooms the previous summer and had lost her way in the big forest.
He might have questioned why it still embarrassed her, if it hadn't been for the fact that he was busy questioning why her reaction still excited him.
His appointment as rector of a school at Buda was of no long continuance; his views excited the zeal of the Dominicans and he was thrown into prison.
Boris was excited by the thought of being so close to the higher powers as he felt himself to be at that moment.
So this is the meaning of her excited, resolute, unnatural look the day before yesterday, yesterday, and today, thought Sonya.
Excited and vexed by the failure and supposing that someone must be responsible for it, Toll galloped up to the commander of the corps and began upbraiding him severely, saying that he ought to be shot.
Cynthia went on to say Fred had been excited by her translation of Annie's notebook and had left in a rush.
The early days of the war being unsuccessful, the proclamation of the duke of Brunswick excited all hearts; who could go to save France on the frontiers and leave Paris in the hands of his enemies?
Despite his apparently delicate build Prince Andrew could endure physical fatigue far better than many very muscular men, and on the night of the battle, having arrived at Krems excited but not weary, with dispatches from Dokhturov to Kutuzov, he was sent immediately with a special dispatch to Brunn.
Sonya was softened, excited, and touched by all that had occurred that day, especially by the mysterious fulfillment she had just seen of her vision.
We may easily satisfy ourselves that, in every instance in which the sensation of sound is excited, the body whence the sound proceeds must have been thrown, by a blow or other means, into a state of agitation or tremor, implying the existence of a vibratory motion, or motion to and fro, of the particles of which it consists.
The controversies excited by his Symbolik () proved so unpleasant that in  he accepted a call to the university of Munich.
The discrepancy between the fees paid by patients and the salaries received by nurses, especially in London, has occasionally excited unfavourable comment, but it is to be remembered that the nurses are maintained when out of work or ill, and have other advantages; many institutions either provide pensions or assist the members of their staff to join the Royal National Pension Fund.
The glass is excited positively by friction with the rubbers, and the charge is drawn off by the action of the points which, when acted upon inductively, discharge negative electricity against it.
On the deposition of Louis Philippe in , the duchess of Orleans struggled to secure the succession to her son, and bore him through an excited populace to the chamber of deputies.
Distrust in his policy, however, was excited by the publication of some of his private correspondence, in which he spoke favourably of a French protectorate, and the army which he sent under Flores to resist the encroachments of Mosquera, the president of New Granada, was completely routed.
He fought with unremitting energy for his client during both the first and second revisions of the trial, in  and , a task attended with considerable danger, as political passions were so strongly excited at the time that Labori was shot at and wounded at Rennes on the eve of his cross-examination of the witnesses for the prosecution.
In consequence of the alarm excited by this appearance of plague upon European soil, most European governments sent special commissions to the spot.
But the proof that his scheme was the work of a great poet does not depend merely upon the artistic unity which excited the wonder of Aristotle.
In December , Elizabeth, daughter of Peter the Great, who, from her habits, was a favourite with the soldiers, excited the guards to revolt, overcame the slight opposition that was offered, and was proclaimed empress.
The unscrupulous rigour with which he applied his scientific method, and the sinister deductions he thought himself justified in drawing from the results it yielded, excited terror and repulsion.
The indignation excited by Leo X.'s sale of indulgences, the moral rage stirred in Northern hearts by papal abominations in Rome, were external causes which precipitated the schism between Teutonic and Latin Christianity.
But the growth of dissent steadily continued and excited alarm from time to time; and it may be questioned whether the peace of the church was not purchased at too high a price.
Stephen Gray (-) noticed in  that electricity could be excited by the friction of hair, silk, wool, paper and other bodies.
The decision of the senate on the th of May , giving him the title of emperor, was the counterblast to the dread N I he had excited.
This in many respects his most valuable work was printed by the Elzevirs at Leiden in , and excited admiration equally universal and more lasting than that accorded to his astronomical treatises.
The Spaniards of that day, excited by the hope of rapidly acquired wealth and the love of adventure, embarked tipon a career of discovery, and agriculture and manufacturing industry fell into contempt.
Both sides claimed the victory, but the advantage remained with Sennacherib, and in  B.C. he captured Babylon and razed it to the ground, a deed which excited the horror of all western Asia.
When enough acetylcholine attaches itself to the outer surface of a muscle cell, the muscle cell becomes ' excited enough ' to contract.
It would seem that the perception intended to constitute the standard of truth is one which, by producing a mental counterpart of a really existent external thing, enables the percipient, in the very act of sense, to " lay hold of " or apprehend an object in virtue of the presentation or sense impression of it excited in his own mind.
An interactive Java tutorial is provided to explore how a ruby laser is excited by a xenon flash tube to produce coherent red light.
Allowing too much time to reminisce before moving makes it harder for a child to be excited about their new home.
Patients in whom, for purposes of diagnosis, it has been electrically excited, describe, as the initial effect of the stimulation, tingling and obscure but locally-limited sensations, referred to the part whose muscles a moment later are thrown into co-ordinate activity.
He was quite aware of the discontent the system excited, and the good-nature with which he tolerated the criticisms directed against it and him is illustrated by a well-known incident.
On leaving the Home Office in , Mr Asquith decided to return to his work at the bar, a course which excited much comment, since it was unprecedented that a minister who had exercised judicial functions in that capacity should take up again the position of an advocate; but it was obvious that to maintain the tradition was difficult in the case of a man who had no sufficient independent means.
The idea of a Spanish marriage excited the wrath of Knox, whose interviews with Mary did nothing but irritate both parties and alienate the politicians from the more enthusiastic Protestants.
On the other hand, he was far from advocating the view that has been pithily expressed as the "selection of the fit from the fortuitous"; he recognized that variations, although perhaps suggested or excited by the environment, were determined by internal causes.
The theory of evolution is supported by a great range of evidence, much of which was first collected by Darwin, and which has been enormously increased by subsequent workers excited by his genius.
Protestant suspicion was excited; in  was passed the Test Act, obliging all office-holders to receive the sacrament in the Established Church, and to declare their disbelief in transubstantiation.
Popular feeling had been excited by the political conflict, advanced tendencies had declared themselves, and when the new diet met it proceeded as explained above to remodel the constitution, on the basis of universal suffrage, with freedom of the press, speech, meeting and association.
The country was still torn by civil and religious dissensions; and Cameron excited the indignation of the more strenuous adherents of his own party.
The Protesters, who were in favour with the common people, are chargeable with having brought into Scottish church life the observance of fastdays, and of the long and excited Communion services which were kept up for two and a half centuries and may still be witnessed in the Highlands.
Otto von Guericke (-) constructed the first electrical machine with a revolving ball of sulphur (see Electrical Machine), and noticed that light objects were repelled after being attracted by excited electrics.
A Leyden jar was charged at the key, and by the electric fire thus obtained spirits were inflamed, and many other experiments performed which had been formerly made by excited electrics.
John Canton (-) made the important contribution to knowledge that electricity of either sign could be produced on nearly any body by friction with appropriate substances, and that a rod of glass roughened on one half was excited negatively in the rough part and positively in the smooth part by friction with the same rubber.
He found that the electricity of the tourmaline decreased rapidly from the summits or poles towards the middle of the crystal, where it was imperceptible; and he discovered that if a tourmaline is broken into any number of fragments, each fragment, when excited, has two opposite poles.
Varley discovered the interesting fact that no current could be sent through the rarefied gas unless a certain minimum potential difference of the electrodes was excited.
The plot was forced on prematurely by the suspicions excited at court, and the rash attempt to rouse the city of London (th of February ) proved a complete fiasco.
The offence was clear; the law was undoubted; no particular sympathy was excited for the culprit; the sentence was not carried out; and Bacon did only what any one in his place would naturally and necessarily have done.
Now, in the excited state of popular feeling at that period, the failure of government to substantiate an accusation of treason would have been a serious matter.
Mention must be made of the Rebecca riots in-in South Wales, wherein many toll gates were destroyed by mobs of countrymen dressed in female garb, " as the daughters of Rebecca about to possess the gates of their enemies "; and the Anti-Tithe agitation of-- largely traceable to the inflammatory language used concerning clerical tithe by certain organs of the vernacular press - which led to some disorderly scenes between distraining parties of police and crowds of excited peasants in the more remote rural districts.
In the excited temper of the times any defender of justification by faith was looked upon by the old school as heretical; and Pole, with the circle at Viterbo, was denounced to the Inquisition, with all sorts of crimes imputed to him.
The spokesman of the Reformed Church was Beza, who, in the first session, gave a lengthy exposition of its tenets, but excited such repugnance by his pronouncements on the Communion that he was interrupted by Cardinal Tournon.
Gustavus, whose lively imagination was easily excited by religious ardour, enormously magnified clerical influence in Poland and frequently scented dangers where only difficulties existed.
Barkuk, who had already excited the enmity of Timur by slaying one of his envoys, espoused Ahmads cause, and restored him to Bagdad after Timurs return to his normal capital Samarkand.
In the sharp struggle during the annexation crisis, not only with Russia and Serbia, but with the Western Powers, he held with tenacious energy to his purpose, and, powerfully supported by Germany, succeeded in carrying out his intentions after excited negotiations which threatened to lead to war.
When the secretion of gastric juice is deficient it may be excited by gastric tonics, such as ten grains of bicarbonate of soda and a drachm of compound tincture of gentian in water shortly before meals, and may be supplemented by the administration of pepsin and hydrochloric acid after meals.
Rest in bed should be insisted upon for a longer time than appears actually required, because acute rheumatism tends to bring on cardiac changes, and is more likely to do this when the heart is excited than when the patient is kept at rest.
But missionary influence was strong; it was reinforced by the growing strength of the imperialistic spirit and by the fears excited by Germany's intrusion on the south-west coast.
A suspicion that the Colonial Office in London was cognizant of Rhodes's plans further excited Dutch national feeling, and the Bond once more became actively anti-British.
But his enemies were not merely those whose errors he had exposed and whose hostility he had excited by the violence of his language.
But the lines originally written on Paris, having been inserted in one of his new satires, excited the jealous anger of an actor of the time, who was a favourite of the emperor, and procured the poet's banishment under the form of a military appointment to the extremity of Egypt.
After his ordination he became professor at the lyceum of his native place, but his patriotic sympathies excited the jealousy of the Austrian authorities, and although protected by his diocesan, he was compelled to resign in .
The author's extraordinary power, learning and originality were acknowledged on all hands, though he excited censure and suspicion by his tenderness to the alleged heresies of Conyers Middleton.
He was also the first to demonstrate experimentally the difference of action between what he called a "quantity" magnet excited by a "quantity" battery of a single pair, and an "intensity" magnet with long fine wire coil excited by an "intensity" battery of many elements, having their resistances suitably proportioned.
These doctrines, although in harmony with the prevailing feeling of the Roman Catholic Church of the period, and further recommended by their marked opposition to the teachings of Luther and Calvin,excited violent controversy in some quarters, especially on the part of the Dominicans, and at last rendered it necessary for the pope (Clement VIII.) to interfere.
His assertion that the Celtic race was incapable of assimilating the highest forms of civilization excited "violent disgust," but the Enquiry was twice reprinted, in  and , and is still of value for the documents embodied in it.
But except in the border province of Great Poland, the acquisition of this new territory excited little interest and no enthusiasm in Poland generally.
As a politician he excited bitter opposition, and was charged, apparently with justice, with corruption and venality in conniving at and sharing the profits of illicit trade with the Confederates carried on by his brother at New Orleans and by his brother-in-law in the department of Virginia and North Carolina, while General Butler was in command.
When the animal is excited, the howl changes into what has been compared to demoniac laughter, whence the name of "laughing-hyena."
By the advocates of radical reforms these measures were regarded as utterly inadequate, and even in Belgium, among those friendly to the Congo State system of administration, some uneasiness was excited by a letter which was published along with the decrees, wherein King Leopold intimated that certain conditions would attach to the inheritance he had designed for Belgium.
The fears excited by this letter that King Leopold desired to restrict Belgium's liberty of action in the Congo State when the latter should become a Belgian colony were not diminished by the announcement in November  of four new concessions, conferring very extensive rights on railway, mining and rubber companies in which foreign capital was largely interested.
The most distinctive feature of the deer of this group is, however, the patch of long erectile white hairs on the buttocks, which, although inconspicuous when the animals are quiescent, is expanded into a large chrysanthemum-like bunch when they start to run or are otherwise excited.
His successor Mendez was a man of much less conciliatory manners, and the feelings of the people became strongly excited against the intruders, till at length, on the death of the negus Sysenius, Socinius or Seged I., and the accession of his son Fasilidas in , they were all sent out of the country, after having had a footing there for nearly a century Visits of and a half.
During this march he displayed an amount of engineering skill in the construction of roads, of military talent and fertility of resource, that excited the admiration and astonishment of his enemies.
These excited so much disturbance, and the author so obstinately refused to confine himself to literature proper, that in  the government put an end to them - a course which was not disapproved by the majority of his colleagues.
The freedom of his attacks on the vices, and especially the clerical vices, of his times excited hostility against him, and he was formally brought before the bishop on a charge consisting of thirteen articles.
Contemporary accounts attest the magnificence of the work and the enthusiasm it excited, but are not precise enough to enable us to judge to which of the two main groups of extant sketches its design corresponded.
The horror and grief excited by this tragedy were boundless, and the president was honoured with a splendid funeral in the Pantheon, Paris.
The Mussulmans of Backergunje are among the worst of their creed, steeped in ignorance and prejudice, easily excited to violence and murder, very litigious and grossly immoral.
At the commencement of his new career he enriched the academical collection with many memoirs, which excited a noble emulation between him and the Bernoullis, though this did not in any way affect their friendship. It was at this time that he carried the integral calculus to a higher degree of perfection, invented the calculation of sines, reduced analytical operations to a greater simplicity, and threw new light on nearly all parts of pure mathematics.
When the news reached the Cape that this vessel was on her way, the people of the colony became violently excited; and they established an anti-convict association, by which they bound themselves to cease from all intercourse of every kind with persons in any way connected " with the landing, supplying or employing convicts."
Keyes said she is excited the producers wanted to include newscasts in Spanish because Tampa has a rich Hispanic culture.
That substitution creates a vacancy similar to a hole in a p-type semiconductor, which emits single photons when excited by a laser.
When blues rock legend Walter Trout gets excited about a young guitar slinger you know he's going to be a bit special!
Once again, these programs are something the avid actor spotter need not get excited about, and the story line is equally uninspiring.
Wrapped up in her decadent world, she is excited to have her  year old stepdaughter Natalie home from boarding school.
I wanted to turn to my neighbors and tell them how excited I was, I wanted to hug random strangers.
It is not unusual for couples to feel tense, nervous, excited or even tearful during the planning of their wedding.
I was very excited when I found a crib quilt on Ebay with a friendly dragon, carrying teddy bears over a castle.
I was too excited by the thought of a radio debate with Mr Moore to pay attention to any attendant circumstances.
I'd go up to him and give him a good tummy tickle or just say his name in an excited way.
If Descartes had contented himself with thus explaining the phenomena of gravity, heat, magnetism, light and similar forces by means of the molecular movements of his vortices, even such a theory would have excited admiration.
These trophies excited healthy rivalry in Ayrshire and Lanarkshire, and the enthusiasm as well as the skill with which the game was conducted in Scotland at length proved contagious.
The earlier phases of the French Revolution excited his deepest sympathy, a sympathy which induced him to avow his strong; disapproval of the war with France.
His conduct towards the remains of Formosus, his last predecessor but one (see FoRMosus) excited a tumult, which ended in his imprisonment and death by strangling.
So " the Pious " achieved the object for which presumably they took up arms. The re-establishment of Judaism, which alone of current religions was intolerant of a rival, seems to have excited the jealousy of their neighbours who had embraced the Greek way of life.
At this time he was still faithful to Benedict XIII., and the disinclination he felt to joining the members of the French clergy who were on the point of ratifying the royal declaration of neutrality excited the anger of Charles VI.'s government, and a mandate, which was however not executed, ordered the arrest of the bishop of Cambrai.
The fate of the town had excited the liveliest sympathy in England, and the exuberant rejoicings in London on the news of its relief led to the coining of the word magicking to describe the behaviour of crowds on occasions of extravagant demonstrations of a national kind.
But, although his first speech on the bill for the prevention of cattle diseases excited the opposition of country members, and a subsequent speech against the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act in Ireland was very unfavourably received, Mill thoroughly succeeded in gaining the ear of the House.
The fortunes of the book are not known in detail, but it is clear that its merciless criticism of life and its literary charm made it popular, while its scepticism excited the apprehensions of pious conservatives.
At Redstone Old Fort (Brownsville) on the th of August , before the "Committee of Sixty" who were appointed to represent the disaffected people, he opposed with vigorous eloquence the use of force against the government, and refused to be intimidated by an excited band of riflemen who happened to be in the vicinity and represented the radical element.
Their attitude brought to a head the general discontent which Edward had excited by his arbitrary taxation; and Edward was obliged to make a surrender on all the subjects of complaint.
A new Small Holdings Act () for England was passed; the Trades Disputes Act () removed the position of trades unions from the controversy excited over the Taff Vale decision; Mr LloydGeorge's Patents Act () and Merchant Shipping Act () were welcomed by the tariff reformers as embodying their own policy; a long-standing debate was closed by the passing of the Deceased Wife's Sister Act (); and acts for establishing a public trustee, a court of criminal appeal, a system of probation for juvenile offenders, and a census of production, were passed in .
He displayed his freedom from ecclesiastical prejudices, if also his utter ignorance of ecclesiastical history, by agreeing, on the payment of a large bribe, to grant to the patriarch of Constantinople the title of an ecumenical bishop, but the general indignation which the proposal excited throughout the church compelled him almost immediately to withdraw from his agreement.
His influence over these ladies alarmed their relatives and excited the suspicions of the regular priesthood and of the populace, but while Pope Damasus lived Jerome remained secure.
Royal troops sent to Boston (several regiments, ) irritated the populace, who were highly excited at the time, until in an outbreak on the th of March  a file of garrison troops shot down in self-defence a few citizens in a crowd which assailed them.
From this moment begins a long-drawn-out series of tricks and subterfuges, undertaken with the view of deceiving Mark, whose suspicions, excited by sundry of his courtiers, from time to time get beyond his control, and are as often laid to rest by some clever ruse on the part of his nephew, or his wife, ably seconded by Brangaene.
Such was the animosity excited against the French when their excesses were known to the Mallorquins, that some of the French prisoners, conducted thither in , had to be transferred with all speed to the island of Cabrera, a transference which was not effected before some of them had been killed.
Apart from the natural fear that he would arouse prejudice in the English-speaking provinces, the second Riel rebellion was then still fresh in the public mind, and the fierce nationalist agitation which Kiel's execution had excited in Quebec had hardly subsided.
His Friendly Debate between a Conformist and a Nonconformist was a controversial tract which excited considerable feeling at the time of its publication in , but he lived long enough to soothe by his moderation and candour the exasperation it had caused.
In poetical and figurative language "gale" is often used in a pleasant sense, as in "favouring gale"; in America, it is used in a slang sense for boisterous or excited behaviour.
He further excited the religious feelings of the people against him, by his edict of Tolerance (), and his later attempts at the reform of clerical abuses, which were pronounced to be an infraction of the Joyous Entry (see Joyeuse Entree).
A visit to the English House of Lords excited boundless admiration for Lord Chatham, of whose style of oratory Grattan contributed an interesting description to Baratariana (see Flood, Henry).
The ill-fated Vieira de Castro excited the greatest admiration by his impassioned speeches in the Chamber of Deputies during the 'sixties; the nearest modern counterpart to these distinguished men is the orator Antonio Candido Ribeiro da Costa.
Astute and unscrupulous manipulation of the stock markets, and a capacity for the hardest of bargaining and the most determined warfare against his rivals, had their place in this success, and Harriman's methods excited the bitterest criticism, culminating in a stern denunciation from President Roosevelt himself in .
From this the sufferer could only be roused by music, which excited an overpowering desire to dance until the performer fell to the ground bathed in profuse perspiration, when the cure, at all events for the time, was supposed to be effected.
When it was thought sufficient to say with Boileau that Corneille excited, not pity or terror, but admiration which was not a tragic passion; or that "D'un seul nom quelquefois le son dur ou bizarre Rend un poeme entier ou burlesque ou barbare;" when Voltaire could think it crushing to add to his exposure of the "infamies" of Theodore - " apres cela comment osons-nous condamner les pieces de Lope de Vega et de Shakespeare?"
The people, thoroughly Protestant, were excited by the proofswhich they thought were afforded that the real object of the Tractarians was to reconcile England with Rome; and practices which are now regarded as venial or even praiseworthysuch as the wearing of the surplice in the pulpit, and the institution of the weekly offertorywere denounced because they were instituted by the Tracta.rians, and were regarded as insidious devices to lead the country ROmewards.
At the same time the Directory, whose mistrust was excited by his attitude in the question of Parma, insisted upon his dismissal.
I have found it best not to tell her that she cannot understand, because she is almost certain to become excited.
When blues rock legend Walter Trout gets excited about a young guitar slinger you know he 's going to be a bit special !
I am always excited by the prospects of the interaction between the precision of my designs and the spontaneity of the fire.
Drowned in Sound is excited to present another all-day event to keep you suckling at the teat of great new music.
I 'd go up to him and give him a good tummy tickle or just say his name in an excited way.
After the third quarter of the football game, a rabble-rouser appears on the field to get the crowd excited again.
If you let your little boy help you pick out underwear in his favorite characters, he may be so excited about wearing them, that he embraces the art of using the potty wholeheartedly!
Although your child may be excited about starting a new school, that excitement may fly right out the door with you as you wave goodbye.
If you're pregnant right now, then this is the perfect way to find a bargain, save money, and get excited about your first holiday season with your new baby!
For excited parents who are enjoying delivering care to their newborn, the challenge of establishing a solid sleeping pattern can be a difficult one to face.
While they are excited to be taking one or two of their babies home, it will also be difficult to leave one behind.
Perhaps she is really excited about dressing her twins alike, while another mom may desire her children to have their own special distinctness right from the get go.
Several days or even weeks before you put your child in underwear at night, talk up this event so that he will feel excited and proud about what he can achieve.
Look for one that fits your budget and space, as well as one that your toddler is excited to sleep in at night.
Customers are often heard on the air talking about how much they love a product or how excited they are to see something promoted on the air.
At first, when you see a lot price that appears ridiculous for  or  printers, don't get too excited, bidding typically works like other auction sites where bidders often wait until the last  minutes to submit their bids.
She usually stays at my sister's home with the grandchildren, so this is a big deal and I was very excited to show off my newly remodeled home.
I am so excited to have the opportunity to design with these talented young ladies and the chance to give back.
Loose collars are too easy for an excited dog to slip out of, while tighter collars are more uncomfortable and present a potential choking hazard.
Happy, excited commands will elicit a happy, excited reaction from your pet, and likewise, a scolding tone will cause your dog to act sheepish and submissive.
She moves around and wags her tail a little, but she's doesn't act excited when people come to the door.
This way he knows he has done something good, but you don't get him overly excited right as he's being confined.
The only thing I can think of is that she sometime becomes a little more excited than usual because there are often children or another dog around.
The dogs may bark and become excited when they meet people, but they should not be spinning in their kennels or exhibiting other signs of mental distress.
When I found out about this test I was so excited, I felt I had to share this with you.
I was so excited to be back outside with my wonderful boys this last weekend that we made a trip to our local farmer's market.
For this reason it is advisable to keep them in as cool a position as possible when in flower, so that the growth of young foliage may not be excited before its natural season.
Fans who love the guitar and bass playing of the best little ol' band in Texas will be excited to find ZZ Top tabs.
It's a great feeling to see people so excited about a stick of lip balm, but we see it every day and have the testimonials to back it up.
We also receive inquiries every day from athletes just learning about us that are so excited and anxious to start competing.
Don't forget to visit your eye care provider to discuss contact lens options and to obtain your prescription before getting too excited about all of the choices available.
There's a lot of excited folks on the Disney forums that are eager to share their experiences or that are planning their umpteenth return to the park.
If you get hungry during your stay, you'll be excited to find that there is a Pizza Hut located inside the hotel, as well as a Seattle's Best coffee shop.
Seeing how it is one of the most treasured franchises in Nintendo's storied history, many people are excited to hear about a new Zelda game for GameCube.
Skyward Sword was set for release in  and it had gamers all around the world more excited than ever to defend Hyrule once more.
Fans of the series were certainly excited when the official Bakugan video game finally hit store shelves in late .
From ports of -bit classics to bona fide original games, Game Boy gamers are usually one of the more excited groups in the video gaming world.
Educators have been intrigued by the popularity of video games and excited by the interactivity computers and game consoles can bring to the learning process.
If your son loves cars, he will probably be more excited about learning if you get the racing version of the math game.
It actually had me excited about all of those random battles that I usually find so annoying about twenty hours in to an RPG.
He seems very excited most of the time and shows emotion when things are going bad and when they are succeeding.
To show your experience, you'll want to bring examples, of course, but you need to be excited about what you have done.
If the thought of playing Dig Dug again doesn't get you excited, or you're saying, "What's a Dig Dug?" you should probably pass on this one.
Fans of the Biggest Loser television show were pretty excited when the Jillian Michaels video game appeared on the Nintendo Wii, and now fans of Heidi Klum can do the same.
You may get all excited about them at first, but you will likely get bored of them after finishing the story once or twice.
Mostly gamers, but I did talk to one mother who was excited to give this to her kid on Wednesday, which was his birthday.
When people see that something is "free", such as free cell phone games, the tendency is to become excited that something is going to be given to them for nothing!
As excited as you may be about your new touchscreen cell phone, you may already be itching to find some great free iPhone apps to kick it up an extra notch or two.
Bipolar disorder-A severe mental illness, also known as manic depression, in which a person has extreme mood swings, ranging from a highly excited state, sometimes with a false sense of well being, to depression.
Once you've received confirmation of your registration, get your high school dance team ready to compete with a new dance team routine to get everybody excited for the competition.
If you're not sure which dances will get your guests out on the floor or get the young members of your dance team excited to perform, the lists of popular line dances can help you find the perfect dance.
If you have an ancestor from the Lone Star State, you may be excited to learn that Texas death certificates can provide a great deal of helpful information.
Chances are good that the more excited you are about a position, the chance you will have of being selected when there is an opening.
For these reasons, it is important to not get too excited about an incredibly low interest rate advertised by a lender.
If you love the art of folding and cutting paper, you'll be excited to learn that the Internet is an excellent resource for free Kirigami patterns.
In September , Halle told Access Hollywood, "Gabriel and I are beyond excited and I've waited a long time for this moment in my life."
I think those women are excited to see the transformation in maternity wear and the overall response is positive, sans maybe the pink two-piece swimsuit we carried.
LoveToKnow Swimsuits is very excited to share our conversation with "El Tigra", as she is affectionately known by her fans, and her extraordinary story.
One of her fervent fans was so excited at the prospect of new Jessica Alba bikini shots, he posted a series of pre-baby bikini pictures and invited people to vote on their favorite.
Chances are, whatever you buy for your child will be liked, as most kids are far more excited about the beach than the towel.
So it is no surprise that fans became very excited when the paparazzi were able to snap some pictures of Shakira in a bikini while on holiday with her fiancé Antonio de la Rúa.
Hasbro presented the ten-wheeled tank with a list of intricate features that excited Star Wars fans all over the nation.
Because this toy is so realistic it can get your preschooler used to being gentle with a pet without you having to worry about scratches, nips, and other problems that can occur between real animals and overly excited children.
Referred to as Go Go Hamsters in the United Kingdom, Zhu Zhu pets hit the robotic world and excited children everywhere.
One must wonder when a product is touted as a miracle cure for most everything, as it seems the medical community would be quite excited about such a monumental discovery.
Sometimes, women can get stuck in style ruts and are afraid to change, but by learning which styles flatter you most, you can get excited about fashion.
It may sound like a challenge, but with some time and effort you can create a summer wardrobe you'll be excited to show off.
I was excited to start using the juicer so I immediately rinsed it with warm soapy water and put it together.
If you are concerned about pets getting spooked or excited when the trick or treaters knock at your door, a flameless candle is a safe alternative to a fire burning candle.
However carefully a candle is placed small children or excited pets can easily knock a candle over or brush against the naked flame.
Then, all the shiny new pencils, pens, and notebooks are packed away until school actually starts, which makes the child excited about getting to open all the new tools for learning.
Events like switch day can enhance school spirit and get everyone excited enough to come to the next sports event being hosted at the school.
People in bleachers are usually very excited to see these lively dancers performing on the sidelines in their characteristically tiny cheer-shorts, pom poms in hands, and long hair flinging wildly as the dancing goes on.
You may have what you think are the best cheerleading cheers in the world, but if your fans don't get excited by them, it won't matter a bit.
Learning fun new cheerleading stunts is a great way to keep your squad fresh and excited as well as giving the fans something different to see every game.
The easy part is coming up with the theme. . .the harder part is advertising and getting everyone excited about Spirit Week.
You'll probably also find yourself less stressed and more excited about daily life when you approach life in a more playful, creative way.
When children are very young, it is important to encourage their creativity and get them excited about different craft projects.
Back to school craft ideas are a great way to get your children excited about another year filled with learning opportunities.
Easy apple crafts, while fun enough to complete year round, are a wonderful way to encourage your kids to get excited about going back to school in the fall.
Lovers of the ocean spoils should be excited to hear that seafood is one of the best sources of protein when you're trying to burn more fat.
Before you get too excited about eating six steaks in a day, it is important to know that one ounce equals a serving.
So while you may be excited about the prospect of doing something about your arthritis, be sure to do it right.
Still others are excited to finally enter the realm of womanhood, especially those who were late bloomers and were still wearing undershirts while all the other girls around them were wearing bras.
Men are excited by the removal of clothes and the fact that they are the only ones getting to see what's under those clothes.
Like many small town kids, friends Tyson Ritter and Nick Wheeler were less than excited about what their town of Stillwater, Oklahoma had to offer as far as entertainment was concerned.
Over the years, Halloween thriller music has excited us on the radio, scared us at the movies, and made Halloween themed parties much more exciting.
Many sleepover guests are excited to stay up without a bedtime and spend time with their friends in an unconventional way.
Typically it is the bride who is most involved with the wedding preparations, but once in a while the groom will sound just as excited at the prospect of David's help.
While Sauna doesn't care much about the wedding and wishes she could elope, her mother is excited to see all of the gorgeous dresses - all while crying her eyes out.
I also would be really excited to see how I stack up against the best players, and would be thrilled to be responsible for evicting some houseguests I don't like.
Perhaps in its prime this film was something to get excited about, but if you're looking for believability - look elsewhere because you won't find it in Tim Burton's Batman.
Of course I ran up and down the halls, excited...and by the time I came back, somebody else had called and left a message over the old one.
The fourth installment of the Harry Potter series finds Harry excited about the upcoming triwizard tournament being held at Hogwarts.
He lands in cemetery in a statue of an angel where he realizes his mistakes and gets excited about Halloween again.
Now that you're excited about adding music to your MySpace page, you might be wondering how to go about doing it.
Myspace Timers are a fun way to advertise to the world the things that you're most excited about in life.
From national holidays to personal vacation departures, people use tickers and timers to count down how much time is left until something exciting takes place - and they use Myspace to help others get excited as well!
There are also videos such as a gallery exhibition which are designed to get customers excited about what they can do with the Epson products.
The Immortal on the other side of his door was too excited to wait until he entered to shout the news.
Her heart fluttered at his words, and she grew excited about him wanting the type of relationship like she'd drawn, until she saw him fumbling with the page as if to pull it free.
That so clear-headed a man could have credited the lies of Oates and the other perjurers is beyond belief; and the manner in which he excited baseless alarms, and encouraged fanatic cruelty, for nothing but party advantage, is without excuse.
It excited the admiration of Gonzales Clavijo, the Spanish envoy, when he passed through it on his way to visit the court of Timur at Samarkand (Clavijo, Historia del gran Tamorlan, p. ); and Cardinal Bessarion, who was a native of the place, in the latter part of his life, when the city had passed into the hands of the Mahommedans, and he was himself a dignitary of the Roman Church, so little forgot the impression it had made upon him that he wrote a work entitled "The Praise of Trebizond" ('E-yac c uLovTpaire oiivros), which exists in manuscript at Venice.
Briggs was greatly excited by Napier's invention and visited him at Merchiston in , staying with him a whole month; he repeated his visit in  and, as he states, "would have been glad to make him a third visit if it had pleased God to spare him so long."
In some communities they fell into the control of violent men and became simply bands of outlaws, dangerous even to the former members; and the anarchical aspects of the movement excited the North to vigorous condemnation.'
Public opinion, excited by the prospect of a war with Chile, naturally supported the candidature of General Roca, and he elected without opposition (th October ).
Unlike the American Indians, who supposed Columbus and his crew to be supernatural beings, and their ships in some way endowed with life, and were thrown into convulsions of terror by the first discharge of firearms which they witnessed, these Australians were neither excited to wonder by the ship nor overawed by the superior number and unknown weapons of the strangers.
It excited also the animosity of the nobles jealous of their privileges, and of the monasteries, which were called upon to furnish the revenues for the new sees.
Enormous numbers of ale-houses were closed - a proceeding which excited intense resentment and was probably no slight cause of the royalist reaction.
The military rule excited universal hostility; there was an earnest desire for a settled and constitutional government, and the revival of the monarchy in the person of Cromwell appeared the only way of obtaining it.
In the receiver there is a strong electromagnet, excited by a local current, which has in its circuit two annular air gaps, across which the magnetic field is practically uniform and constant.
The difficulty experienced is that of securing a good electrical contact under the very slight pressure obtainable from an instrument excited by attenuated arrival-currents.
This magnet is excited by an alternating current, and the current induced in the second coil is after rectification sent through an ordinary siphon recorder.
When this is the case, if discharges are made across the spark gap oscillations are excited in the closed circuit, and these induce other syntonic oscillations in the antenna circuit.
It can be shown that if two circuits, both having capacity (C) and inductance (L), are coupled together inductively, then, when oscillations are set up in one circuit, oscillations of two periods are excited in the other differing in frequency from each other and from the natural frequency of the circuit.
In this case a closed condenser circuit is formed with a battery of Leyden jars, an inductance coil and a spark gap, and oscillations are excited in it by discharges created across the spark gap by an induction coil or transformer.
In the case of the plain or directly excited antenna the oscillations are highly damped, and each train probably only consists at most of half a dozen oscillations.
When oscillations are excited in this last circuit they communicate them to the antenna provided this last circuit is tuned or syntonized to the closed circuit, and the radiating antenna has thus a large store of energy to draw upon and can therefore radiate prolonged trains of electric waves.
The oscillations set up in the vertical antenna excited sympathetic ones in the lateral circuit provided this was of the proper length; and the coherer was acted upon by the maximum potential variations possible.
Duddell discovered in  that if a continuous current carbon arc had its carbon electrodes connected by a condenser in series with an inductance, then under certain conditions oscillations were excited in this condenser circuit which appeared to be continuous.
It is now generally recognized that Hertzian wave telegraphy, or radio-telegraphy, as it is sometimes called, has a special field of operations of its own, and that the anticipations which were at one time excited by uninformed persons that it would speedily annihilate all telegraphy conducted with wires have been dispersed by experience.
The reaction, which was dull and heavy in the dominions of the pope and of Victor Emmanuel, systematically harsh in the Austrian states of the north, and comparatively mild in Parma and Tuscany, excited the greatest loathing in southern Italy and Sicily, because there it was directed by a dynasty which had aroused feelings of hatred mingled with contempt.
The movement was strongly supported by King Humbert, whose intrepidity in visiting the most dangerous spots at Busca and Naples while the epidemic was at its height, reassuring the panic-stricken inhabitants by his presence, excited the enthusiasm of his people and the admiration of Europe.
The extension of the Italian zone excited the suspicions of John, negus of Abyssinia, whose apprehensions were assiduously fomented by Alula, ras of Tigr, and by French and Greek adventurers.
But before this event John had instituted a great inquiry, the inquest of service of June , for the purpose of finding out how much he could exact from each of his vassals, a measure which naturally excited some alarm; and then, fearing a baronial rising, he had abandoned his proposed expedition into Wales, had taken hostages from the most prominent of his foes, and had sought safety in London.
When these are excited by the settling of an insect on the leaf they slowly bend over and imprison the intruder, which is detained there meanwhile by a sticky excretion poured out by the glands.
It is said that in his earliest boyhood Andrea was, like Giotto, put to shepherding or cattle-herding; this is not likely, and can at any rate have lasted only a very short while, as his natural genius for art developed with singular precocity, and excited the attention of Francesco Squarcione, who entered him in the gild of painters before he had completed his eleventh year.
The extreme materialism of this work excited so much opposition that he was compelled to give up his post at Tubingen.
Partly owing to its being written in French, partly to its character, the Essai excited more attention abroad than at home.
In  Ward became the editor of the British Critic, the organ of the Tractarian party, and he excited suspicion among the adherents of the Tractarians themselves by his violent denunciations of the Church to which he still belonged.
The parishioners, violently excited at the time about the law of patronage, received him with open hostility; and tradition asserts that his uncle defended him on the pulpit stair with a drawn sword.
The meetings referred to were probably those of exceptional interest, such as the election or the coronation of a king, and people from the neighbourhood were there merely as interested, and sometimes excited, spectators.
Opinion there was in an excited state, the priests and the populace being inflamed against the anti-clerical decrees of the National Assembly of France.
Biliotti many fine painted vases of styles which were called later the third and fourth "Mycenaean"; but these, bought by John Ruskin, and presented to the British Museum, excited less attention than they deserved, being supposed to be of some local Asiatic fabric of uncertain date.
It is indeed true that to thousands the hope of acquiring spiritual merit must have been a great motive; it is also true, as the records of crusading sermons show, that there was a strong element of "revivalism" in the Crusades, and that thousands were hurried into taking the cross by a gust of that uncontrollable enthusiasm which is excited by revivalist meetings to-day.
Alexius took possession of the town; and though he rewarded the crusading princes richly, some discontent was excited by his action.
The favours he received from the sovereign excited the jealousy of the vizier, and he was driven back to Africa (), where he was received with great cordiality by the sultan of Bougie, Abu Abdallah, who had been formerly his companion in prison.
Her conduct excited popular indignation; and the consequent disorders, amounting almost to civil war, gave an opportunity to the ambition of Andronicus.
His patience won him many friends; and when he and his companions remained in prison while the other prisoners managed to escape, their conduct excited much admiration.
The first group, named the " luminophore," is such that when excited by suitable aetherial vibrations emits radiant energy; the other, named the " fluorogen," acts with the luminophore in some way or other to cause the fluorescence.
The performance, directed by Hans Richter, excited extraordinary attention; but the expenses were enormous, and burdened the management with a debt of £.
In  he presented to the Royal Society his "Enquiry concerning the Source of Heat which is excited by Friction," in which he combated the current view that heat was a material substance, and regarded it as a mode of motion.
This excited the cupidity of his fellow-countrymen; and they fitted out a large number of ships for the trade, and built several forts on the African coast.
After a mutiny of soldiers there in , the town was greatly excited by the arrival of an Anglo-French fleet in May , and on the th of June a terrible riot and massacre took place, resulting in the death of four hundred Europeans.
Public opinion throughout Europe was violently excited in favour of the Greeks; and this Philhellenic sentiment was shared even by some of the statesmen who most strenuously deprecated any interference in their favour.
Great jealousy of their increasing power was excited amongst the neighbouring princes, and Odoardo Farnese, duke of Parma, made war upon Taddeo, and defeated the papal troops.
Young foxes can be tamed to a certain extent, and do not then emit the well-known odour to any great degree unless excited.
Sharp discussions and angry words passed between the Brazilian and Portuguese deputies, the news of which excited great discontent in Brazil.
This'step caused excited public meetings in the capital, o which were joined in by the troops, and deputations i., x.
But meanwhile the exclusiveness of the single class of citizens from whose ranks the chief magistrates were drawn had converted the government into a close oligarchy and excited the hatred of every other class.
Drouyn de Lhuys, the French minister of foreign affairs, made his death the subject of a special despatch, desiring the French ambassador to express to the government "the mournful sympathy and truly national regret which the death, as lamented as premature, of Richard Cobden had excited on that side of the Channel."
His father was a small farmer, and he owed his education to the interest excited by his lively parts in some persons of position.
His obvious desire to preserve law and order excited the hostility of John of Giscala, who endeavoured vainly to remove him as a traitor to the national cause by inciting the Galileans to kill him and by persuading the Sanhedrin at Jerusalem to recall him.
It excited the suspicion of the Church, and a Jesuit, by name Baltus, published a ponderous refutation of it; but the peace-loving disposition of its author impelled him to leave his opponent unanswered.
Once prime minister, his personal popularity proved to be a powerful unifying influence in a somewhat heterogeneous party; and though the illness and death (August , ) of his wife (daughter of General Sir Charles Bruce), whom he had married in , made his constant attendance in the House of Commons impossible, his domestic sorrow excited widespread sympathy and appealed afresh to the affection of his political followers.
His own special "leads" were few, owing to the personal reasons given above; his declaration at the Queen's Hall, London, early in , in favour of drastic land reform, served only to encourage a number of extremists; and the Liberal enthusiasm against the House of Lords, violently excited in    by the fate of the Education Bill and Plural Voting Bill, was rather damped than otherwise, when his method of procedure by resolution of the House of Commons was disclosed in .
The Zulu country continued, however, excited and disturbed until the government of Natal in  obtained the formal nomination of a successor to Panda; and Cetywayo was appointed.
Early in  he excited much horror by executing a number of the members of the Burmese royal family, and relations became much strained.
Its early "campaigns" excited violent opposition, a "Skeleton Army" being organized to break up the meetings, and for many years Booth's followers were subjected to fine and imprisonment as breakers of the peace.
Placing the sensitive flame at different parts of this train, he found that it was excited, not at the nodes where the pressure varied, but at the loops where the motion was the greatest and where there was little pressure change.
This letter excited some rancour among the theologians, and Dr George Horne, afterwards bishop of Norwich, published in  A Letter to Adam Smith on the Life, Death and Philosophy of his Friend David Hume, by one of the people called Christians.
Solemn and gay dances were frequent, and a sport called the bird-dance excited the admiration of foreigners for the skill and daring with which groups of performers dressed as birds let themselves down by ropes wound round the top of a high mast, so as to fly whirled in circles far above the ground.
In view, however, of the great interest excited by Schaudinn's work on avian parasites, as well as on account of the far-reaching importance of his conclusions to the study of the Haematozoa, a brief summary of his celebrated research is necessary.
In  he was consul, and excited the hostility of the optimates by carrying a law that abolished the Sullan disqualification of the tribunes from holding higher magistracies; another law de judiciis privatis, of which nothing is known, was abrogated by his brother.
The assumption explicitly made by General Walker that among the immigrants no influence was yet excited in restriction of population, is also not only gratuitous, but inherently weak; the European peasant who landed (where the great majority have stayed) in the eastern industrial states was thrown suddenly under the influence of the forces just referred to; forces possibly of stronger influence upon him than upon native classes, which are in general economically and socially more stable, On the whole, the better opinion is probably that of a later authority on the vital statistics of the country, Dr John Shaw Billings,i that though the characteristics of modern life doubtless influence the birth-rate somewhat, by raising the average age of marriage, lessening unions, and increasing divorce and prostitution, their great influence is through the transmutation into necessities of the luxuries of simpler times; not automatically, but in the direction of an increased resort to means for the prevention of child-bearing.
Some of his speeches in Great Britain, coming as they did from a French-Canadian, and revealing delicate appreciation of British sentiment and thorough comprehension of the genius of British institutions, excited great interest and enthusiasm, while one or two impassioned speeches in the Canadian parliament during the Boer war profoundly influenced opinion in Canada and had a pronounced effect throughout the empire.
An excited controversy having arisen about the result of the balloting in the states of South Carolina, Florida, Oregon and Louisiana, the two parties in Congress in order to allay a crisis dangerous to public peace agreed to pass an act referring all contested election returns to an extraordinary commission, called the "Electoral Commission" (q.v.), which decided each contest by eight against seven votes in favour of the Republican candidates.
This excited the jealousy of Toghrul Beg, who summoned him to give up Hamadan and the fortresses of Jebel; but Ibrahim refused, and the progress of the Seljukian arms was for some time checked by internal discord - an everrecurring event in their history.
He supported Peel in his Corn-Law legislation, and throughout all this later period of his life, whether in office or in opposition, gained the admiration of discerning men, and excited the wonder of zealots, by his habitual subordination of party spirit and party connexion to whatever appeared to him the real interest of the nation.
The Ottoman officials discourage travel in the interior, partly from fear of the Senussites, partly from suspicions, excited by the lively interest manifested by Italy in Cyrenaica.
The revolution of  had just inflicted a severe blow on the ecclesiastical party in France, and almost the first act of the new government there was to seize Ancona, thus throwing all Italy, and particularly the Papal States, into an excited condition which seemed to demand strongly repressive measures.
In  he took the degree of master of arts; but in the same year he found it necessary to leave England on account of the suspicions entertained of his being a conjurer; these were first excited by a piece of machinery, which, in the Pax of Aristophanes, he exhibited to the university, representing the scarabaeus flying up to Jupiter, with a man and a basket of victuals on its back.
It is a most perfect non-conductor of electricity, and in its dry state the fibres frequently get so electrically excited as to seriously interfere with their working, so that it becomes necessary to moisten them with glycerin or soapy solutions.
Absalom was now the eldest surviving son of David, and the present position of the narratives (xv.-xx.)- after the birth of Solomon and before the struggle between Solomon and Adonijah - may represent the view that the suspicion that he was not the destined heir of his father's throne excited the impulsive youth to rebellion.
From the first his professorial lectures were conspicuous for the unconventional enthusiasm with which he endeavoured to revivify the study of the classics; and his growing reputation, added to the attention excited by a translation of Aeschylus which he published in , led to his appointment in  to the professorship of Greek at Edinburgh University, in succession to George Dunbar, a post which he continued to hold for thirty years.
The view that visible radiation must be excited by the impact of such an electron is therefore quite consistent with the view that there is no essential difference between the excitement due to chemical or electrical action and that resulting from a sufficient increase of temperature.
It was, besides, singularly interesting from the expedients to which the Hindu architect was forced to resort to imitate the vaults of the Moslems. Of the buildings, however, which so excited the admiration of the emperor Baber, probably little now remains.
The crusade excited no enthusiasm in Hungary, but Andrew contrived to collect , men together, whom he led to Venice; whence, not without much haggling and the surrender of all the Hungarian claims upon Zara, about two-thirds of them were conveyed to Acre.
After their deaths he lived for some time at Caen under the roof of Nicolas Foucault (-), the intendant of Caen, himself no mean archaeologist; and there he began the publication ( vols., -) of Les mille et une nuits, which excited immense interest during the time of its appearance, and is still the standard French translation.
The rudiments of Latin he obtained at the grammar school of Montrose, after leaving which he learned Greek for two years under Pierre de Marsilliers, a Frenchman whom John Erskine of Dun had induced to settle at Montrose; and such was Melville's proficiency that on going to the university of St Andrews he excited the astonishment of the professors by using the Greek text of Aristotle, which no one else there understood.
This pamphlet excited considerable controversy, and is supposed to have influenced Pitt in re-establishing the sinking fund for the extinction of the national debt, which had been created by Walpole in  and abolished in .
But Alexander too was active; by means of a circular letter he published abroad the excommunication of his presbyter, and the controversy excited more and more general interest.
The cruelties that accompanied the overthrow of the Omayyad dynasty excited a revolt, which spread to Mesopotamia, and Harran had to undergo a siege by one of Merwan's generals.
After two years he returned to Copenhagen, but his lectures excited so much disapproval that he took a professorship at Halle in .
In pursuit of this heroic enterprise, which excited the loud admiration of Voltaire, she sent a fleet under Alexis Orlov into the Mediterranean in .
At Salem he was a member of the congregation of Roger Williams, whom he resolutely defended in his trouble with the New England clerical hierarchy, and excited by Williams's teachings, cut the cross of St George from the English flag in token of his hatred of all symbols of Romanism.
Of these the most remarkable is the German Giant Periscope, two specimens of which exhibited in the collection of trophies in the Imperial War Museum, Crystal Palace, have excited considerable popular interest.
The wonderful fame of Thales amongst the ancients must have been in great part due to this achievement, which seems, moreover, to have been one of the chief causes that excited amongst the Hellenes the love of science which ever afterwards characterized them.
The Romans in return restored central Greece to the league, but by withholding its former Thessalian possessions excited its deep resentment.
It consisted of a globe of sulphur fixed on an axis and rotated by a winch, and it was electrically excited by the friction of warm hands held against it.
An opera called La Muette, which abounds in appeals to liberty, was played, and the audience were so excited that they rushed out into the street crying, " Imitons les Parisiens !"
This remarkable debut excited much attention, and, on the recommendation of Francois Arago, he took in hand the theory of Mercury, producing, in , vastly improved tables of that planet.
The work excited a good deal of surprise as well as attention; and with characteristic thoroughness and love of truth the author went abroad to collect materials for the verification and more exhaustive treatment of his views.
The appointment, which had hitherto been reserved for ecclesiastics of marked ability as scholars or administrators, excited much comment; but it was undoubtedly popular, and this popularity was confirmed when it was realized that the bishop intended to carry on in his new sphere the democratic traditions of his East End activities.
He was poor, even to raggedness; and his appearance excited a mirth and a pity which were equally intolerable to his haughty spirit.
Soon after his death, while the public curiosity was strongly excited about his extraordinary character and his not less extraordinary adventures, a life of him appeared widely different from the catchpenny lives of eminent men which were then a staple article of manufacture in Grub Street.
His wrath was excited in no measured terms against the re-marriage of his old friend Mrs Thrale, the news of which he heard this summer.
In Saxony, where, like his father, he frequently held his court, he excited intense hostility by a series of injudicious proceedings.
The secret of Fredericks great popularity was partly the national pride excited by his foreign achievements, partly the ascendance over other minds which his genius gave him, and partly the conviction that while he would forego nmrne of his rights he would demand from his vassals nothing more than was sanctioned by the laws of the Empire.
He excited the admiration of the youth of Germany, and it was soon the fashion among the petty princes to imitate his methods of government.
Frederick had excited the envy of surrounding sovereigns, and had embittered them against him by stinging sarcasms. Not only France, therefore, but Russia, Saxony and ultimately Sweden, willingly came to terms with Austria, and the aim of their union was nothing short of the partition of Prussia.
The Carlsbad Decrees, hurried through the diet under Austrian pressure, excited considerable opposition among the lesser sovereigns, who resented the claim of the diet to interfere in the internal concerns of their states, and whose protests at Frankfort had been expunged from the records.
This excited vehement opposition among the Germans, on the ground that Holstein, although subject to the king of Denmark, was a member of the German confederation, and that in virtue of ancient treaties it could not be severed from Schleswig.
Public opinion was now violently excited against the government; the new elections resulted (May ) in the return of a yet larger Liberal majority; on the nd of August the army estimates were thrown out.
Tumults between crusaders and Greeks arose, and the people of the city, excited by a certain Alexis Murzuphlus, murmured at the new taxes which were imposed on them.
Nor would the cruelties inflicted on the bolder spirits who dared to preach reform, which made the Austrian government a by-word among the nations, alone have excited the passionate spirit of revolt which carried all before it in .
This was, however, met by vigorous protests from Czechs and Poles, while its provisions for a partly nominated senate, and the indirect election of deputies, excited the wrath of radical Vienna.
The Jacobinism of the Vienna democracy was not really representative of any widespread opinion even in the German parts of Austria, while its loud-voiced Germanism excited the lively opposition of the other races.
