
He started the car again and drove through a series of tunnels and intersections, a virtual underground street grid, before arriving at a large garage filled with gleaming cars.
The city changed as she wandered the zigzag roads toward its center until she came upon an inner wall - -now open - -leading to stone structures gleaming with gold and silver artwork.
He was a lean man with gleaming silver- blue eyes, teeth filed into points, and an aura so cold she stepped away.
An ideal choice if you're hoping to embrace the season's affinity for artistic heels, Cookie pairs a sassy wooden platform with a gleaming patent leather upper.
Certain dress styles, for example, simply beg to be paired with gleaming jewelry or a pair of sparkly high heels.
It was late at night, and as the car headlights swept the abandoned facility, the passengers saw what appeared to be two gleaming red eyes in the darkness, so they left the vehicle to investigate.
If the cabinets in your price range aren't as decorative as you'd like, try adding an extra dash of personality to the room by displaying attractive wicker baskets, pretty bottles of vinegar, handmade pottery, or gleaming cooper cookware.
Prince Andrew stood leaning on the railing of the raft listening to Pierre, and he gazed with his eyes fixed on the red reflection of the sun gleaming on the blue waters.
To create a unique special effect, consider using a glow in the dark face paint and outline the cat in the night gleaming paint.
Looking down I saw a stately carriage and pair, the brilliant lamps gleaming on the glossy haunches of the noble chestnuts.
Crowded around the pots were little jars of sparkling, summery nail polishes, gleaming lip glosses and charming dual blush/bronzer compacts.
Fans of Flirt! are likely already familiar with the company's richly pigmented, lightly gleaming eye shadow mousses, called I'm Whipped.
You'll want to seek out a stylish, gleaming little number to match your holiday party dress, but you'll want something without all the bells and whistles for somber occasions.
Sure, those outwardly elegant styles are undeniably gorgeous - few can resist the allure of gleaming satin, larger-than-life gemstones and other intricacies.
Crafted from gleaming metals and stylish accents, Gucci's charm watches offer wearers subtle elements of fun encased in only the finest of materials.
Plunging through drifts, leaping hollows, swooping down upon the lake, we would shoot across its gleaming surface to the opposite bank.
Burnished bands may appear to be lighter than polished bands; a high polish may create the illusion of a brilliant, gleaming color that looks darker than it really is.
A rhinestone camo purse may teeter on the glamorous side, but unless it's completely covered in gleaming stones or employs the camouflage pattern very discreetly, chances are it won't pass muster at a truly dressy function.
Unidirectional bezel frames the gleaming blue dial with silver tone hands and hour markers, Date Displays, Crystal Scratch resistant sapphire, Water Resistant  meter/ feet, an Automatic movement with a Warranty of  Years.
The mid-nineteenth century saw the introduction of American brass clockwork technology encased in gleaming wooden cabinets that typically sat on shelves or mantels.
You can go for gleaming metallics that dance in any light, or textured velvets that offer just a hint of shine under moonlight or candlelight.
Gleaming silk satin is only part of its charm - this decadent gown also features rose-patterned lace at the hem and an alluring lace-up neck.
He was the kind of man she wouldn't think twice about running from, though the intelligence gleaming in his soulful brown eyes gave him away as something more.
I personally prefer the gleaming white carapace of the stormtrooper or snow trooper, very well animated as they run to their doom.
The hotel could have been finished and the wild and glorious landscape disfigured by a gleaming white testament to rampant tourism.
On the floor, the couple chose black and white chequerboard linoleum, which is reflected in the gleaming stainless steel kickboards.
The sight of the rising or setting sun gleaming on the soft golden sandstone of the temples is quite unforgettable.
The contract for this work, signed with Master Zuan de Franza, conjures up a vision of the Ca' d'Oro ablaze with colour and gleaming with the gold ornamentation from which it took its name.
Gleaming precious little I left school at  years with no formal qualifications, never having sat an exam something unthinkable today.
Comb it back severely, allowing the shine to dominate your look, and add a few gleaming clips to secure hair.
The purveyors of classic luxury products at reasonable price points, Nine West strikes gold with this gleaming pebbled leather accessory.
The entire fortress was empty.  Rhyn ducked his head into a salon the size of half Kris's castle.  He and Gabe had reached the gleaming marble palace at the center of the underworld just after dawn only to find it unguarded and missing its key occupant.
They carry generous clusters of gleaming flowers, with sleek scarlet sepals flaring to reveal a slim skirt of purple petals surrounding coral stamens.
At a distance the plumage of the adult appears to be white and black in about equal proportions, the latter predominating above; but on closer examination nearly all the seeming black is found to be a bottle-green gleaming with purple and copper; the tail-coverts, both above and below, are of a bright bay colour, seldom visible in flight.
He argues that the people must have been then to the west of the great rivers, otherwise the dawn could not be addressed as one who "in shining light, before the wind arises, comes gleaming over the waters, making good paths."
There is something almost mystical about a shelf full of gleaming jars full to the brim with wholesome homemade fayre.
Shiny, gleaming, matte, translucent, opaque, lightweight, heavy - no matter what its particular traits may be, a perfume bottle is sure to delight even the most casual fragrance fan with its beauty.
From my childhood obsession with sparkly lip gloss to my grownup infatuation with gleaming eye shadows, I've always had a thing for the glittering stuff.
Dior's incredible collection is a veritable rainbow of gleaming, true colors that run the gamut from softly neutral to boldly ostentatious.
With three varying shades of purple, a gleaming gray and a shimmery black, it's a recipe for the perfect smoky eye.
It's not her complex background that has heads swiveling in her direction, though - it's the sparkling touch she brings to each film and that gleaming red hair!
Your toddler will be competing against many other equally flushed, blushed, sprayed, gleaming and utterly beaming toddlerettes who want to win top prizes to nearly the same extent as their mothers.
Throw in a few gleaming accessories and a gorgeous pair of heels, and suddenly you look and feel like a million bucks!
Throw a light wrap around your shoulders for an evening out; wear it with gleaming sandals and soak up the sunlight during summer.
Then you wind up with a brand new gleaming gold frame in the mail, wondering why it doesn't look aged at all.
In this way, when you create other sets, those rubies above can fall downward, and help set you up for a trio of red gems, effectively turning the tiles beneath a gleaming gold.
That said, these Jewel Quest chain reactions can cause some frustration, especially if you're working on a particular tile only to have an unexpected disappearance take away that all important gleaming skull, for example.
Combing wet hair prevents damage to the hair shafts, while brushing with a bristle brush stimulates the scalp and encourages the production of natural oils to keep the hair gleaming and healthy.
Since winter air tends to dry out the skin and many women feel extremely pale during the colder months of the year, a shimmering lotion will combat both issues-moisture and the appearance of gleaming, supple, beautiful skin.
Getting over the point in your relationship where going to the post office with your significant other brings a gleaming smile to your face?
One variation of this classic design is a single large diamond flanked on either side by one or more smaller diamonds and set in a gleaming yellow gold band that makes up the engagement ring of this classic duo.
The Birkin bag can come in styles crafted out of ostrich skin or turquoise leather, with gleaming gold hardware comprising the delicate front clasp.
Items in the Monogram Canvas collection also boast gleaming golden brass hardware, red edge dyeing, leather handles, and textile lining.
Kooba is a far cry from the gleaming classic designs of Chanel or the avant-garde flamboyant styles of Dolce & Gabbanna.
The hardware will be luxurious and will not chip, the liner will be gleaming and silky, and, if treated carefully, these bags will last for decades.
After all, if a person has a gleaming talent for divination, why not build her life and occupation around it?
The restaurant consists of a large rectangular bar is at the entrance, gleaming in brass and dark wood, and a dining room that is brightly lit with well used wood floors and brass nameplates at each seat that frequent diners have claimed.
