
Sentences
For instance, the animal traps of carnivorous plants (Drosera, Nepenihes, &c.) did not, presumably, originate as such; they began as organs of quite another kind which became adapted to their present function in consequence of animals having been accidentally caught.
While serving his time he had the misfortune accidentally to shoot a young man who came to visit him; and although through the intercession of his master he escaped prosecution, the untoward event weighed heavily on his mind, and led him at the close of his apprenticeship to quit his native place.
Having accidentally killed his father-in-law at the Calydonian boar-hunt, Peleus was again obliged to flee, this time to Iolcus, where he was purified by Acastus.
But this, since it arises from the moral order as a unity grounded in the very essence of freedom and not accidentally instituted by external commands, establishes the teleology of nature on grounds which a priori must be inseparably connected with the inner possibility of things.
Then Tom, Huck and Jim are accidentally kidnaped by a mad inventor and go sailing off in a hot-air balloon.
He accidentally leaves his car keys behind but one wonders whether a car would have been much use to this man of perpetual motion.
This may occur using very deeply recursive ML functions, but it may be because the functions are accidentally infinitely recursive.
In London to film an ad campaign, The Hoff severed a tendon on shards from a bathroom shelf he accidentally smashed.
While shooting squirrels in the woods, Bert accidentally nicks a man, who appears to be suffering from a disgusting disease.
Their problems seemed to begin when their daughter, Iris, accidentally swallowed an Ecstasy tablet while attending a birthday party with her mother.
An elaborate organization is required to keep a complete check and record of all the goods entering and leaving the station, to ensure that they are loaded into the proper wagons according to their destination, that they are unloaded and sorted in such a way that they can be delivered to their consignees with the least possible delay, that they are not stolen or accidentally mislaid, &c.; and accommodation must be provided for a large clerical and supervisory staff to attend to these matters.
The Hindus also regard the dog as unclean, and submit to various purifications if they accidentally come in contact with it, believing that every dog is animated by a wicked and malignant spirit condemned to do penance in that form for crimes committed in a previous state of existence.
This gets Rimmer thinking... Click for video clip Lister accidentally sets off the self-destruct system by ordering a milkshake and a crispy bar.
A funny, moving, imaginative leap into what life after death might be like for a teenager accidentally killed in a road accident.
You should also keep pot handles turned in so that your child can't accidentally pull a pot with hot liquid or food on top of him.
If he is able to kick himself free, he may accidentally send the wrap over his head, which could put him at risk for suffocation.
Before you begin pinning on the diaper, place your hand between the diaper and baby's skin to protect her from accidentally being stuck by a pin.
Also, you'll be more likely to get metal in your food as you could accidentally scrape the bottom of the pots or pans with utensils while you cook.
Will the thermostat be placed in a convenient location as well as away from atmospheric conditions that might turn it on accidentally?
A revolver may not be the best option because they usually don't have safety options and could easily go off accidentally.
If you accidentally touch it briefly, there probably won't be any negative effects, but if you touch it for an extended period of time, skin damage could result.
Knowing where to click so you won't hit the wrong button is crucial so you won't accidentally bid on something.
If you accidentally get a bone in your pet's food, it is much less likely to cause a medical problem than if the bones are uncooked.
Pet owners who have accidentally inhaled clay particulate during litter box cleaning can at least support the fact that breathing in clay dust is anything but pleasant.
It is essential you verify that they actually are balance transfer checks before you take the step of cashing them so you don't accidentally take a cash advance.
Purchase Protection - In most cases, you can get items that are stolen or accidentally damaged replaced if you buy them using your cards.
It's easy to accidentally introduce bedbugs, fleas and other insects into your office or home with used bargains that contain more than you bargained for.
Do you find yourself accidentally discarding more cards than you wanted, or needing to reset the numbers on your bet because you typed too fast for the program?
Pictures are tricky because you can accidentally send the wrong kind of message to people in the online dating community.
Shipping is a necessary cost of ordering online, but you should always be aware of shipping charges, so you don't accidentally spend more than planned.
This will ensure that you don't accidentally sign up for a free trial period with an agreement to continue a paid membership when the trial offer ends.
Digital scrapbooking is another great alternative for creating heritage scrapbook pages, since you don't need to worry about finding acid-free embellishments or accidentally damaging irreplaceable photos.
While Jolee's Boutique scrapbooking stickers are very easy to use, it's important to make sure you avoid accidentally creating a "sticker sneeze" on your layout.
You could also award prizes for the best layouts in categories like travel or baby pages, assuming the judging process doesn't manage to accidentally hurt anyone's feelings.
Be sure to have your parent's help you with anything you apply for--you don't want to accidentally send your information to a spammer!
With no one on the guest list knowing they will be attending a wedding, there's no one to accidentally rat them out to the press.
If you're pressed for time, order the items by phone so you won't waste time by accidentally ordering back ordered items.
It is very common for users to become addicted to illegal drugs like cocaine and heroin, but it is just as easy to become accidentally addicted to prescription drugs or over-the-counter medications.
All of this, she said, was "embarrassing," especially when she accidentally overexposed herself at a party in front of cameras that same year.
Charlie Sheen has a list of missteps dating back to the s (for starters, he allegedly accidentally shot actress Kelly Preston), but in , he seemed intent on breaking his own record.
For further piece of mind, young passengers are often required to wear a wristband identifying their cabin number in case they should get accidentally separated or the parents need to be contacted.
The PediPaws model features a protective cap around the top that ensures you don't accidentally trim away too much of your pooch's nail during the grooming process.
Like PediPaws, the Peticure nail trimmer is designed with a safety cap that keeps dog owners from accidentally trimming away too much nail while grooming their pets.
This opening serves a dual purpose of ensuring that you don't accidentally trim away too much of your dogs toenail while also serving as a collection area for the material that is trimmed away.
Children, especially young children, can be a little clumsy and may accidentally trip over the dog or step on him without meaning for it to happen.
Generally speaking, most small dogs do not make ideal companions for children because there's a risk that the animals could be accidentally hurt during play.
When you use full strength vinegar, be sure not to accidentally get it on any plants you desire to keep.
Many people are afraid that if they prune their clematis, they'll prune it too far back and accidentally kill their clematis vine.
If you have accidentally cut a few planks too short and the baseboard doesn't cover the gap, use quarter round at the floor line to hide the flaw.
Most models have safety features such as an automatic shut-off if the unit's accidentally knocked over or has something fall on top of it.
Use the stud finder to locate the ceiling joists so you don't accidentally line a fixture up for installation in a spot where one is located because this can throw your entire installation off.
A real gold bracelet will be a precious item and will be expensive to replace, therefore a safety catch will help ensure that the bracelet does not get lost if it accidentally springs open.
There is a chance that you might accidentally sit on your Ray Bans and break the frame, lose a nose pad, or scratch the lenses.
The true intent of the code is unclear, but given the amount of work necessary to unlock it, it was probably a misguided inside joke that accidentally made its way into the final product.
In Chrono Cross, you start as a character named Serge who accidentally travels into a dimension where he has been dead for the last ten years.
Drawn by a mysterious force, they work together to stop a couple of multidimensional spirits that they accidentally released into their realm.
If you accidentally get on a malicious website, your browser settings and security programs should block the bad content and prevent it from downloading anything.
You can back up your current saved games, just in case a surge happens and wipes out the Wii memory or an unnamed brother accidentally erases all of your data.
Because of the "u-turn" nature of this course, there are several opportunities to shoot in the gaps that you produce and gain yourself bonus points, but beware of accidentally missing and getting yourself in more trouble.
The speculation is that a wild grape crossed with cultivated grapes, or that the two strains of grapes crossed accidentally, producing a hardy, disease-resistant grape vine that produced excellent deep purple grapes suited for wine making.
This ensures that if the light is switched off accidentally it can be easily and quickly returned to the exact program.
While being tied down to a contract and worrying about hidden fees or surprise charges when accidentally exceeding the number of minutes or texts on a plan are some people's greatest fear, others like to pay as little as possible up front.
An Rh-negative mother who was exposed to her fetus's Rh-positive blood during a previous pregnancy or delivery or who has accidentally received an Rh-positive blood transfusion has antibodies against Rh-positive blood cells.
If a platelet and another blood cell pass through the counter at the same time, the instrument will not count the larger cell, which will cause the instrument to accidentally miss the platelet.
Hair dryers, radios, and other electric appliances should never be used in the bathroom or where they may accidentally come in contact with water.
X rays were accidentally discovered in  by German physicist Wilhem Roentgen (-), who was later awarded the first Nobel Prize in physics for his discovery.
In general, mineral toxicity results when a person accidentally consumes too much of any mineral, as with drinking ocean water (sodium toxicity), or is overexposed to industrial pollutants, household chemicals, or certain drugs.
About , children are reported as accidentally swallowing iron tablets each year in the United States, although not all of these cases end in death.
A lethal dose of iron is in the range of - mg iron/kg body weight, meaning that a child who accidentally eats  or more iron tablets may die as a result of iron poisoning.
Killer bees-Hybrids of African bees accidentally introduced into the wild in South and North America in  and first reported in Texas in .
On rare occasions, the disease is passed through food, when a food handler infected with strep throat accidentally contaminates food by coughing or sneezing.
Older children and teenagers may accidentally swallow a nonfood object or ingest a foreign body that gets stuck in the throat, like a fish bone or toothpick.
Younger children usually swallow or insert foreign objects into their bodies accidentally, usually as a result of play or exploring their environment.
With threading, you'll get a very straight brow line and because of the methodical, precise process, it's less likely that you'll end up accidentally losing half of an eyebrow.
If you smoke or accidentally drop a bottle or glass in the sand, please pick it up and dispose of it properly.
Most of the time, you have to hope that if you accidentally show the world much more than you intended, hardly anyone will notice (and hopefully your friends will elect to forget about it).
Parental supervision is a must when children are around water, but providing swim lessons can add an additional safety barrier should a child accidentally fall into a pool or lake.
Whether you enjoy taking vacations near the water, or plan to attend summer pool parties and barbeques, the ability to swim could save your life should you accidentally fall into the water.
If you accidentally throw the suit in the washer, or you leave it out where children or pets can play with it, an untied suit is bound to lose its drawstring.
Special Edition Doll "iFight Shelby Marx" iCarly Boxing Outfit included - This doll includes Carly's boxing outfit and celebrates the episode where Carly accidentally incurs the wrath of Shelby Marx.
The former "piggy backs" on fat when entering the body, making it a requirement to consume proper amounts of fat for complete absorption, and it also makes it hard to get rid of in case you accidentally ingest too much.
The mixer comes with two detachable metal beaters that feature a safety lock feature preventing you from accidentally ejecting the beaters while the appliance is in use.
Perform this step over a sink and close the drain so if you accidentally drop anything it will stay in the sink.
The weighted bottoms keep the pieces in place if the board is accidentally bumped or if the pieces get slightly nudged.
It will also leave some waxy deposits in your molds, so make sure you clean them up after doing this, whether accidentally or on purpose.
Arrange different flameless candles around a room during your next Halloween party and you will not have to worry about the candles staying lit, dripping wax on your furniture or being accidentally knocked over.
Oil candles are among the simplest of the candles to make, but they are also the easiest to accidentally set a fire with if you're not paying proper attention to your candle making project.
Spills from soy candles can be cleaned with hot soapy water, which is helpful if you're worried about candles accidentally damaging your clothing or furniture.
Place the assembled puzzle on top of a piece of thin plastic or waxed paper to prevent it from becoming accidentally glued to your table.
Maybe you can set up a small meeting in your office, or, maybe you could accidentally on purpose bump into them in the parking lot.
Many engagement ring designs, particularly diamond solitaire engagement rings, have delicate exposed edges that can easily be chipped or scratched, while prongs can accidentally be warped, bent, or twisted.
It is best to take off the ring before engaging in those activities to prevent harmful household cleaning products or chlorine or salt water from dulling your jewelry or accidentally losing it.
Following wedding and engagement etiquette can also ensure that the couple does not accidentally offend a relative or friend who takes etiquette more seriously.
Whether you opt for a bag that sports your name, or your favorite sports team, the personalized look helps to ensure that you won't accidentally pick up someone else's bag.
Colors have numerous shades, so it's easy to accidentally purchase a bedspread that almost matches the room, but ends up looking out of place.
However, in an unexplained twist of events, all of the toys accidentally get donated to a local daycare center -- including Woody.
Stories surrounding this cemetery claim that a large number of people were accidentally declared dead and subsequently buried in this cemetery while they were still alive.
Then, if your sheets or pillowcases are accidentally stained, ripped, or damaged, you won't have to redecorate your entire room or run all over town searching for matching replacements.
The phosphor used in the screen's cathode ray tubes often resulted in the creation of "ghost" images if the user accidentally left the computer unoccupied for too long.
When you buy a new article of clothing, read the care tags to avoid accidentally shrinking it in the dryer or fading the colors.
Consumers who know what influences the cost of their rental cars will be in the best position to find a better deal, because they can compare offers directly without accidentally falling for low initial fees before extra charges are added.
A number of troubling events wreak havoc in their lives, including murder, infidelity and a resounding finale in which Lisa accidentally shoots and kills Ben.
When Victor accidentally causes Nikki to lose Jack's child, he leaves Genoa City, Ashley and life as he knows it.
In an ironic and painful twist of fate, Stuart Chandler was accidentally shot and killed by his brother Adam in .
A formal memo offers this option and ensures recipients cannot claim they accidentally deleted the message or it ended up in the spam filter.
If someone accidentally uses a permanent marker, you may be able to clean off the lettering with fingernail polish remover applied to a cotton ball.
If you've accidentally burned your coffee pot, leaving the inside coated in a dark, brown mass of burnt coffee, you don't have to throw it away.
If you're stamping several different images on your project, work from top to bottom to avoid accidentally smearing your work.
Print copies of special photos on your computer so you don't have to worry about your child accidentally cutting a special image in half.
Who in his right mind would trade a frosty cold beer for some yellow-greenish herb concoction that smells suspiciously like the sport socks you accidentally left tucked into a plastic bag for three months back in high school?
Someone may be a beginner and encroach into "your" space, or perhaps someone was clumsy and accidentally kicked your bottle over.
This is a safety mechanism for your protection -- if it was the other way around, we'd get squished under stuff right and left after accidentally lifting things we discovered we can't handle.
To avoid contamination, you don't want to have your raw meat bites in contact with food you're about to eat, so keeping them separate is very important if you don't want to accidentally make your dinner guest sick.
As such, it is important to be vigilant about ensuring your doctor knows all the medicine you are taking so he or she doesn't accidentally prescribe something that could interact badly with one of your existing medications.
The company asks that an X be placed on any teeth that are missing; this prevents anyone from accidentally billing for treatment on a tooth that doesn't exist.
If you can't find a liquid bra in the stores anymore, it may be because of all the women who accidentally brushed up against something sharp and burst open the bra, sending liquid all over their blouse.
There are also a few issues with those made using water or gel, the biggest being if the form is accidentally punctured.
Then when you meet your significant other for drinks or dinner, "accidentally" show him a little bit of the black lace pattern.
At an April performance at England's "Give It a Name" festival, Lazzara accidentally knocked unconscious Rubano while wildly swinging his microphone, eventually sending him to the hospital for six stiches.
Using sites like iTunes.com is the best way to make sure you don't accidentally download an illegal copy of a song.
This way, there aren't any emails that are accidentally forwarded or invitation cards left lying in sight of the birthday person.
Direct sources, such as people who work on the show, make up anonymous accounts to post their information or pass it on to someone else to be reported.Sometimes fans stumble upon spoilers accidentally.
So many stories swirled around the Gotti clan, such as the unsolved disappearance of a neighbor who accidentally ran over and killed one of Gotti's sons in the s, that people wanted to know more.
On an exploratory mission, Chekov and another crewman accidentally discover the ship of the Botany Bay on Seti Alpha - a group of genetically altered supermen and women left on the planet by Kirk many years before.
The plant, called Audrey II by the smitten Seymour, is a type of Venus flytrap, which Seymour accidentally discovers thrives on human blood.
It slows heat transfer from the rack to sin, so that if you accidentally touch it when taking those cookies out of the oven, you don't get burned.
Not all hair dyes can be covered but if they can it will prevent you from accidentally touching your head during the dying process.
Carry hand sanitizer with you in case you accidentally scratch your cold sore and are not able to wash your hands immediately afterwards.
From kids making hilarious observations about the world around them to accidentally walking into a telephone pole, these situations can all make for good Facebook status updates.
He pulled out his phone, texted Bianca, and waited, willing the message to make it to her in the in-between world where he'd accidentally sent her.
Whatever she'd accidentally done to him in the alley, she'd sealed them together in a way he never thought possible.
It was a far cry from the woman who ran away screaming from the soul she accidentally touched last week or the goddess who would've commanded him rather than risk getting her hands dirty.
The heartwood varies in colour from dark brown to pale yellowishbrown; hard, close-grained, and little liable to split accidentally, it is, for a hard wood, easy to work.
The reason is that interment appears not to have been practised by the river-drift hunters, and the only bones likely to be found would be those accidentally preserved in caves or rock-shelters.
Very many of the common domestic mammals can be successfully infected (either thus accidentally or else on purpose) with different " pathogenic " Trypanosomes, to which they succumb more or less readily, but they cannot be regarded as the natural hosts of those Trypanosomes.
The settlement was in a low marshy district which proved to be unhealthy; it was accidentally burned in January , was almost completely destroyed by Nathaniel Bacon in September , the state house and other buildings were again burned in , and after the removal of the seat of government of Virginia from Jamestown to the Middle Plantations (now Williamsburg) in  the village fell rapidly into decay.
We discard the conception of the universal as a predicate applicable to a plurality, or even to all, of the members of a group. To know merely KaTa ravros is not to know, save accidentally.
The score was accidentally destroyed by fire, but a set of studies a la Czerny and Cramer, belonging to  and published at Marseilles as  Etudes, op. i., is extant, and shows remarkable precocity.
Before the ratification of his exchange he obtained command of some vessels, and conducted various naval attacks against the English; and having, on his return to France in , fallen accidentally into their hands, he was, on the ground of having broken his parole, thrown into prison at Portsmouth, but as the charge could not be properly substantiated he was soon afterwards released.
They are deposited in a temple, in charge of a small sacred college; new deities and rites are introduced under their sanction; when they are accidentally destroyed, envoys are sent to the East and fresh collections are made; these are in their turn purged, the false are discarded and the true reverently preserved.
Many insects and other invertebrates, mostly noxious, have been accidentally naturalized, and some have been deliberately introduced, like the honey-bee, now feral in Australasia and North America, and the humble-bee, imported into New Zealand to effect the fertilization of red clover.
The first really important railway was the line from Manchester to Liverpool, opened on the th of September , when William Huskisson, M.P., was accidentally killed.
Japan, accidentally discovered by three Portuguese traders in , soon attracted large numbers of merchants and missionaries (see Japan, § viii.).
He was the reputed founder of Buthrotum and Chaonia, named after a brother or companion whom he had accidentally slain while hunting.
On the morning of the th of September  Zola was found dead in the bedroom of his Paris house, having been accidentally asphyxiated by the fumes from a defective flue.
Of equal or even more intense power, though of narrower scope, is an unfinished monochrome preparation for a St Jerome, found accidentally at Rome by Cardinal Fesch and now in the Vatican gallery; this also seems to belong to the first Florentine period, but isnot mentioned in documents.
An Irish patriot in the strict sense of the term he was not; he was proud of being an Englishman, who had been accidentally "dropped in Ireland"; he looked upon the indigenous population as conquered savages; but his pride and sense of equity alike revolted against the stay-at-home Englishmen's contemptuous treatment of their own garrison, and he delighted in finding a point in which the triumphant faction was still vulnerable.
Two events now occurred which served to cast a gloom over the poet's life and to interrupt his activity, - the outbreak of the Civil War, and the tragic fate of his wife, who, having accidentally allowed her dress to catch fire, was burnt to death in her own house in .
Poisonous amounts of phosphorus are frequently taken or administered, criminally or accidentally, it being easily accessible to the public in the form of matches or of vermin pastes.
But, two years before, he had accidentally fallen in with a Latin copy of Euclid, which he eagerly devoured; and at twelve he attacked Newton's Arithmetica universalis.
Though substantially completed in , when it was accidentally burned, and again in , it was not printed entire until .
Pizarro himself seized the Inca, and in endeavouring to preserve him alive, received, accidentally, on his hand the only wound inflicted that day on a Spaniard.
Either accidentally or intentionally, the railings were overturned in one place, and the people, perceiving their opportunity, at once threw them down round the whole circuit of the park.
His death occurred accidentally through the upsetting of his carriage near Brennbiihel, between Imst and Wenns in Tirol (August , ).
It is true that Hegel regards the conscious effort to realize one's own conception of good as a higher stage of moral development than the mere conformity to the jural rules establishing property, maintaining contract and allotting punishment to crime, in which the universal will is first expressed; since in such conformity this will is only accomplished accidentally by the outward concurrence of individual wills, and is not essentially realized in any of them.
Inasmuch as in every case the Lumbricidae from non-European countries are identical with European species, since it has been shown that these animals are very readily introduced accidentally with plants, &c., and in view of the fact that they are impatient of sea water, it seems clear that the presence of these Lumbricidae in other continents is due to accidental transportation.
It might be inferred, therefore, and the inference is proved by facts, that truly oceanic islands have no indigenous fauna of earthworms, but are inhabited by forms which are identical with those of neighbouring continents, and doubtless, therefore, accidentally introduced.
Of special importance is the work of Abbe; although, as he himself has stated, his methods accidentally led to the Wenham system, he certainly was far above his predecessors in his theoretical treatment of the problem, and in the perspicuity and clearness of his explanation.
He was aware of the danger of accidentally causing amblyopia of the better eye by treating children below the age of six.
When they arrive back there to collect her cousin, they come across the very concussed and confused man they accidentally picked up earlier.
However it is inadvisable to put an infected floppy disk into a diskdrive as it may accidentally get cataloged or run.
British Airborne troops had attempted glider landings but many of the gliders had gone off course or been accidentally destroyed by naval gunfire.
Note that having the user merge relies primarily on the user to not accidentally omit some changes, and thus is potentially error prone.
In early inquiries a great point was made of the prevention of putrefaction, and work was done in the way of finding how much of an agent must be added to a given solution, in order that the bacteria accidentally present might not develop. But for various reasons this was an inexact method, and to-day an antiseptic is judged by its effects on pure cultures of definite pathogenic microbes, and on their vegetative and spore forms. Their standardization has been effected in many instances, and a water solution of carbolic acid of a certain fixed 'strength is now taken as the standard with which other antiseptics are compared.
They who come rarely to the woods take some little piece of the forest into their hands to play with by the way, which they leave, either intentionally or accidentally.
It's hard to put into words the feeling you get from dodging in and out of oncoming traffic at  MPH just to accidentally clip the tail of a bus and send your car barreling through the air.
On the other hand, this can be a problem if you decide to change your brow shape or accidentally make errors when initially shaping the brow.
No matter how smoothly you plan it, trucks break down, movers accidentally smash the baby crib, or the new house won't be ready in time.
Her husband, having accidentally killed Eurytion in the Calydonian boar hunt, fled and obtained expiation from Acastus, whose wife made advances to Peleus.
It may also be stated here that when occasion arises peachtrees well furnished with buds may be transplanted and forced immediately without risking the crop of fruit, a matter of some importance when, as sometimes happens, a tree may accidentally fail.
During his connexion with Auteuil, Fauriel's attention was naturally turned to philosophy, and for some years he was engaged on a history of Stoicism, which was never completed, all the papers connected with it having accidentally perished in .
His fortunes were presenting a most interesting problem when, on the st of December , at his house in Ville d'Avray, near Sevres, he died by a shot from a revolver which accidentally went off.
A good quality of oilbetter in fact than the Ohio product, but not as good as that of Pennsylvania-was accidentally found at Corsicana, Navarro county, about , and in  it was discovered at a depth of  ft.
In  the miners accidentally discovered a complete gallery, which has been driven many hundred yards into the bed of coal, branching into thirty-six chambers dressed quite square, and in a workman-like manner.
In the first place experiment has shown that biting-flies, other in all probability than the true, natural hosts, may at times transmit the parasites - as it were - accidentally, if, after feeding on an infected animal, they are allowed to bite a fresh one within a limited time.
Nothing," he adds, " is more likely than that in a crowded assembly a lady should accidentally have dropped her garter; that the circumstance should have caused a smile in the bystanders; and that on its being taken up by Edward he should have reproved the levity of his courtiers by so happy and chivalrous an exclamation, placing the garter at the same time on his own knee, as ` Dishonoured be he who thinks ill of it.'
Jansen and his father were the real inventors of the telescope in , and that Lippershey only made a telescope after hints accidentally communicated to him of the details of Jansen's invention.
In  she presented to the Royal Society an Index to Flamsteed's observations, together with a catalogue of  stars accidentally omitted from the "British Catalogue," and a list of the errata in that publication.
Although the species are fewer in number than in most other families of fishes, they are widely spread and extremely abundant, peopling by countless schools the oceans of the tropical and temperate zones, and approaching the coasts only accidentally, occasionally, or periodically.
In some years between  and  the old mackerel disappeared off Guernsey from the surface, and were accidentally discovered feeding at the bottom.
Among the monuments of this age discovered in the surrounding districts are the rock hewn tombs of Spata, accidentally revealed by a landslip in , and the domed sepulchre at Menidi, near the ancient Acharnae, excavated by Lolling in .
It is not improbable that all dogs sprang from one common source, but climate, food and cross-breeding caused variations of form which suggested particular uses, and these being either designedly or accidentally perpetuated, the various breeds of dogs arose, and became numerous in proportion to the progress of civilization.
In  a workman named Thomas Bolsover was mending the handle of a knife made of silver and copper, when, accidentally overheating it, he caused the metals to fuse and flow, and found that as a consequence the silver adhered to the copper as a thin coating.
Among the Dravidians a cobra which is accidentally killed is burned like a human being; no one would kill one intentionally; the serpent-god's image is carried in an annual procession by a celibate priestess.
It appears safer, notwithstanding, to take the less subtle interpretation  that dialectical induction struggling with instances is formally justified only at the limit, and that this, where we have exhausted and know that we have exhausted the cases, is in regard to individual subjects rarely and accidentally reached, so that we perforce illustrate rather from the definite class-concepts falling under a higher notion.
After the deaths of her son and husband in such rapid succession, she felt herself a being accidentally forgotten in this world and left without aim or object for her existence.
The attack had been preceded by a trifling fire at a threshing floor, either accidentally caused (but not by the officers shots) or lit as a signal for the assault.
So perfect is this instinct, that once, when I had laid them on the leaves again, and one accidentally fell on its side, it was found with the rest in exactly the same position ten minutes afterward.
According to Apollodorus (iii, , ) it was made by order of Athena, and was intended as an image of Pallas, the daughter of Triton, whom she had accidentally slain, Pallas and Athena being thus regarded as two distinct beings.
Similarly in Egypt at the present day the jinn are believed to swarm so thickly that it is necessary to ask their permission before pouring water on the ground, lest one should accidentally be soused and vent his anger on the offending human being.
On the th of September of the following year he was accidentally killed by a locomotive engine while present at the opening of the Liverpool and Manchester railway.
In this instance it may happen that the work of intelligence has only been mimicked in nature by blind forces which have accidentally produced organic life; and Mill is disposed to hold that if the evolution of species should be clearly established as due to natural law - if there has been no creation by special interposition - the argument falls to the ground and theism (apparently) is lost.
Some time after Don John's appointment to the governorship of the Netherlands Perez accidentally became cognisant of his inconveniently ambitious " empresa de Inglaterra," in which he was to rescue Mary Queen of Scots, marry her, and so ascend the throne of England.
It was founded by a colony of Achaeans led by Myscellus in  B.C. Its name was, according to the legend, that of a local prince who afforded hospitality to Heracles, but was accidentally killed by him and buried on the spot.
Even if they do not know for what purpose they are fattened, they will at least know that all that happened to the ram did not happen accidentally, and will no longer need the conceptions of chance or genius.
The mission of Gaetano Castiglia and Marquis Giorgio Pallavicini to Turin, where they had interviewed Charles Albert, although without any definite resultfor Confalonieri had warned the prince that Lombardy was not ready to risewas accidentally discovered, and Confalonieri was himself arrested.
The members accidentally discovered that the fear of it had a great influence over the lawless but superstitious blacks, and soon the club expanded into a great federation of regulators, absorbing numerous local bodies that had been formed in the absence of civil law and partaking of the nature of the old English neighbourhood police and the ante-bellum slave patrol.

The word usage examples above have been gathered from various sources to reflect current and historical usage. They do not represent the opinions of YourDictionary.com.
