
I am very much delighted to hear of your new acquisition--that you "talk with your mouth" as well as with your fingers.
She wanted to hate Bordeaux for what he had done, but like a shameless hussy, she still longed to hear his voice - feel his touch.
When they reached the Myasnitski Street and could no longer hear the shouts of the mob, the count began to repent.
I reasoned that if I could show how poverty will end, then of course hunger would end as well—how many rich people do you hear about going hungry?
We hear of treatments that work some percent of the time or we hear phrases like, "They are not responding to treatment."
So many autumn, ay, and winter days, spent outside the town, trying to hear what was in the wind, to hear and carry it express!
He did not see and did not hear how they shot the prisoners who lagged behind, though more than a hundred perished in that way.
Martha was anxious to hear about the outcome of the Georgia abduction as I'd not phoned her with the results.
The teachers at the Wright-Humason School were always planning how they might give the pupils every advantage that those who hear enjoy--how they might make much of few tendencies and passive memories in the cases of the little ones--and lead them out of the cramping circumstances in which their lives were set.
If we are really dying, let us hear the rattle in our throats and feel cold in the extremities; if we are alive, let us go about our business.
It is said that when hatched by a hen they will directly disperse on some alarm, and so are lost, for they never hear the mother's call which gathers them again.
Whenever I look at my watch and its hands point to ten, I hear the bells of the neighboring church; but because the bells begin to ring when the hands of the clock reach ten, I have no right to assume that the movement of the bells is caused by the position of the hands of the watch.
When he reached Scotland everybody was eager to hear him tell of his adventures, and he soon found himself famous.
It must be written down so that people in other places and in other times may hear it read and sung.
How could they--they can see and hear, and I suppose they could not understand matters from my point of view....
We could hear the yells of the boys and the cheers of the lookers-on as plainly in our room as if we had been on the field.
I was much surprised to hear all this; for I judged from your letters that Katie was a very precocious girl....
If she could see and hear, I suppose she would get rid of her superfluous energy in ways which would not, perhaps, tax her brain so much, although I suspect that the ordinary child takes his play pretty seriously.
It seems as if a child who could see and hear until her nineteenth month must retain some of her first impressions, though ever so faintly.
I can't believe that the colour-impressions she received during the year and a half she could see and hear are entirely lost.
All present were astonished when she appeared not only to hear a whistle, but also an ordinary tone of voice.
What the Roman and Grecian multitude could not hear, after the lapse of ages a few scholars read, and a few scholars only are still reading it.
As the sparrow had its trill, sitting on the hickory before my door, so had I my chuckle or suppressed warble which he might hear out of my nest.
It was worth the while to see the sun shine on these things, and hear the free wind blow on them; so much more interesting most familiar objects look out of doors than in the house.
Or perchance, at evening, I hear him in his stable blowing off the superfluous energy of the day, that he may calm his nerves and cool his liver and brain for a few hours of iron slumber.
In my house we were so near that we could not begin to hear--we could not speak low enough to be heard; as when you throw two stones into calm water so near that they break each other's undulations.
I had read of the potter's clay and wheel in Scripture, but it had never occurred to me that the pots we use were not such as had come down unbroken from those days, or grown on trees like gourds somewhere, and I was pleased to hear that so fictile an art was ever practiced in my neighborhood.
He liked to hear the folk tales one of the soldiers used to tell of an evening (they were always the same), but most of all he liked to hear stories of real life.
Here and now for the first time he fully appreciated the enjoyment of eating when he wanted to eat, drinking when he wanted to drink, sleeping when he wanted to sleep, of warmth when he was cold, of talking to a fellow man when he wished to talk and to hear a human voice.
I'm sure he meant well, but his lecture wasn't what Howie, and to a lesser extent Betsy, wanted to hear.
No. Not unless you want to talk to yourself while I prop up a zombie who won't hear a word you're saying.
Only a couple of days later we hear all hell's broken loose 'cause something ain't where it's supposed to be.
You will be glad to hear that my mother, and little sister and brother are coming north to spend this summer with me.
The only way is to hear it, especially in a language like English which is so full of unspellable, suppressed vowels and quasi-vowels.
I shall love to hear of her reception of the book and how she likes the stories which are new to her.
Thus it is that any child may be taught to use correct English by not being allowed to read or hear any other kind.
He had never seen such a dull and out-of-the-way place; the folks were all gone off; why, you couldn't even hear the whistle!
To walk in a winter morning in a wood where these birds abounded, their native woods, and hear the wild cockerels crow on the trees, clear and shrill for miles over the resounding earth, drowning the feebler notes of other birds--think of it!
Rostov was horrified to hear later that of all that mass of huge and handsome men, of all those brilliant, rich youths, officers and cadets, who had galloped past him on their thousand-ruble horses, only eighteen were left after the charge.
At these words Alpatych nodded as if in approval, and not wishing to hear more went to the door of the room opposite the innkeeper's, where he had left his purchases.
I was anxious to hear about the meeting between the two women but I didn't want to ask in front of the child.
Both were as anxious as I to hear the results of Howie's attempt to visit the Vermont bike-riding peeping Tom.
I wanted to say the entire French Foreign hiding in the other room but before I could speak, we both could barely hear a voice.
Someone beat on the door across the hall loud enough for Bianca to hear over the TV and sporadic thunder.
A couple of them were talking quietly, but she didn't hear them, instead unable to fathom that anyone would find her life worth protecting after her father hadn't.
Not wanting to be around to hear Claire get her way, Sofia climbed onto the edge of Damian's balcony and stretched upward toward the ledge running around the mansion.
Besides, you've got too much on your minds— running for sheriff, little Martha leaving and all—you don't need to hear about the ghosts in my closet.
Some said he was talking about a job down in the Norfolk shipyard where there was work with the war coming on and all, but after a time, when Ma didn't hear, we just sort of forgot about him.
Cynthia was super pleased to hear her son's voice, but her mood changed abruptly when he blurted out the news.
Fred's quick enough to hear what I have to say, but tight-lipped as a smart fish about anything he knows.
He could still hear her stifled sobs as he cautiously moved down the slope, wedging his foot against rocks and small vegetation for purchase.
There's 'Fitzgerald for Sheriff' signs up and down the highway and I hear tell he bought a big ad in the Plain Dealer.
Dean was anxious to not hear about the Hutchins clan but in politeness let the conversation drift a while before he interrupted.
The Deans couldn't hear the conversation but assumed it was one more lady in waiting for the senior Prince Charming's favor.
Soft voices drew her attention to the doorway, where she was able to hear but not see Cora behind the massive frame of Gabriel.
Then he exited the room as quietly as possible, leaving the door open so they would hear if she woke in the night.
I want to hear the woman who lives by the motto of no apologies, no regrets, who told me once that her own soul searching taught her to live, doesn't want my help turning that three months into eternity.
Toby giggled, and she glanced at him, afraid Rhyn was going to dive headfirst into a discussion Toby shouldn.t hear.
He didn.t stay to hear the splash this time but walked through the shadow world toward the only portal that glowed black, the portal to Hell.
She couldn't help wondering if Evelyn really understood that going to his home country would mean she'd hear this kind of nonsense all the time.
He had a feeling Kisolm, the crown prince of Qatwal, would not even hear him out but would view his attempt to barter peace as a sign of weakness and keep him as a trophy.
She couldn't survive if anything happened, and every Yirkin warrior on the planet would be looking for her, once they hear she exists.
She would apologize to him personally and in the future at least place the alarm under a pillow so only she would hear it.
Far off in the distance, Dean could again hear the ringing of Gladys Turnbull's alarm but he paid it no attention.
The sheriff came and laughed at something one of the men said as she lay there and it made me cry to hear him.
But then, in the quietness of the night, he began to hear beyond the door, the muffled but clear sounds of lovemaking.
Piano George said they lost two fine black horses that slipped on the ice of the Sneffles road and I could hear the men talking loudly about it.
From what I hear, one ex-guest doesn't have any more welfare and the welfare of the rest of the group can wait until morning.
He ambled out of the room, but Dean didn't hear the front door close and assumed he was an earshot away in the hall.
The rope was taut with his evil weight and she could hear his movements as he carefully climbed down the sheer wall to his ice-bound lair below.
Dean couldn't hear what she said, but the boy gave her a hug and gestured to Martha who had hurried ahead to where Dean remained standing on the porch.
He could hear the strains of some lost cowboy lover coming from Fred's room, a sure sign the door to the old man's room was open.
Cynthia said as she joined the group, absent Martha, who Dean could hear opening drawers and unpacking in her new room.
Any time anyone tries to raise the subject to Donnie, he just turns away and acts as if he didn't hear the question.
She could see Jackson didn't want to play, but she really wanted to hear him, had a feeling Sarah would win in the end.
Jackson stood close enough to hear the conversation, and as soon as the moron committed to buy a watercolor; he approached Elisabeth, put his arms around her and said, Darling, the caterer needs to see you for a minute.
Elisabeth told her about Sarah and how they would never hear the end of it if she knew what had happened here.
You need to respect that, because the next time you throw one of your petulant hissy fits, I swear to God, I will install so much sound proofing in this room, you will never hear another note.
The last thing she wanted to hear this morning was how poor little Alex had been jilted at the altar.
If he was getting ready to make an indecent proposal, she didn't want Katie to hear the squelching reply she had planned.
Even hearing his voice, she couldn't help thinking she'd heard him because she wanted to hear his voice again, not because she actually had.
His teeth were grinding loudly enough for her to hear, and his face was ashen and drawn in a look of pain.  He couldn't answer – that much she discerned at the rippling muscles of his clenched jaw.
Rhyn crept carefully through the demon scouts positioned throughout the forest surrounding the castle.  The demons wore the Dark One's uniform of all black with waterproof cloaks and hoods.  The demon side of him rendered his presence similar enough to a full-demon's that the others wouldn't be alarmed.  He sized up each demon he passed, until he found one who appeared to be his size.  The creature didn't hear his soft step, and the snapping of the demon's neck was the only other sound in the falling rain.
Katie started in the direction of the woman's voice.  She stumbled over fallen, slick wood and brambles she couldn't see.  Whatever magic that had cleared a path for her was gone.  She struggled through the jungle before calling out, "Can you hear me?  I can't see much.  You'll have to say something, so I can find you."
Instinct and fury blinded him.  He felt the dagger sink into flesh and struck again, only to find himself flying backwards through the air.  Rhyn shouted something at him, but Kris couldn't hear him, not with the memory of both Lilith and Hannah dying.
Rhyn stopped in place.  He'd never thought he'd hear her voice again, and he couldn't remember the last time he'd heard anything that stopped his world in place.  He turned to see Katie supporting Hannah as they entered the Sanctuary courtyard.  Katie wore simple jeans and a t-shirt.  Her dark curls cascaded down her shoulders, and her face glowed.  Her bright eyes locked on his.  She stopped too far away for his comfort, struggling to support her sister.
Whatever Vinnie was babbling about sounded like the last thing in the world Dean wanted to get involved with, but he had no choice but to at least hear out the terrified man.
His room was on the far side—away from the bed, so we couldn't hear as well as the other.
We didn't hear noth­ing and Phil got sick of waiting—he was next—so he went out and looked.
At first he wouldn't answer the door but I could hear his wife bawling so I kept knock­ing 'til he came.
Dean could hear him jump up and he felt the left handcuff being unfastened and a key being pressed into his hand.
If Alex had been where he could hear that for the second time tonight, it probably would have bothered him.
If it had not been for the fact that he was speaking so distinctly, she probably wouldn't have been able to hear the translation.
He said you needed some space to grow, but when he didn't hear from you for a week he started getting worried.
He was able to hear thoughts and manipulate minds in addition to brute strength that allowed him to tear men in two with no effort.
She hugged the girl and fluttered kisses across her features, until the teen protested loudly enough for Xander to hear.
Or hear her or smell her or sense her, unless she's standing within three feet of me, Xander said in irritation.
Her heartbeat seemed too loud in her ears, and she hoped he wasn't able to hear as well as Xander seemed to.
He didn't like seeing her vulnerable like this; he wanted to hear her sharp tongue and watch her face turn pink when he looked at her too long or provoked her.
He wanted to hear her whisper his name after they made love and flutter soft kisses with her full lips across his face, the way she had the other night.
According to Shafi`ite law, such a cadi must be a male, free, adult Moslem, intelligent, of unassailed character, able to see, hear and write, learned in the Koran, the traditions, the Agreement, the differences of the legal schools, acquainted with Arabic grammar and the exegesis of the Koran.
Through Chanut, with whom she was on terms of familiarity, she came to hear of Descartes, and a correspondence which the latter nominally carried on with the ambassador was in reality intended for the eyes of the queen.
We already hear of them as attacking Babylonia in the th year of Samsu-iluna the son of Khammurabi, and about  B.C. they overran Babylonia and founded a dynasty there which lasted for  years and nine months.
This was sometime about , when Leontius may have acceded, though we first hear of him as bishop in .
The next event we hear of in the history of the city is its conquest by Alexander the Great ( B.C.), and later by Ptolemy Lagi and Demetrius Poliorcetes.
During the short reign of Valentinian there were wars in Africa, in Germany and in Britain, and Rome came into collision with barbarian peoples of whom we now hear for the first time - Burgundians, Saxons, Alamanni.
But neither the pope nor the Venetians would hear of such a transfer, and the negotiations on this subject greatly embittered Matthias against the Curia.
Pending appeal, the appellant's see is not to be filled up. The judges appointed by the bishop of Rome to hear the appeal are to be from the neighbouring provinces.
The pope received the appeal, absolved him and restored him to the rank of priest, and sent a bishop and two priests as legates to Africa with instructions to them to hear the cause of Apiarius anew and for execution of their sentence to crave the prefect's aid; moreover, they were to summon the bishop of Sicca to Rome and to excommunicate him, unless he should amend those things which the legates deemed wrong.
In the th centur y Archbishop Peckham, says Maitland (p. ), as archbishop "asserted for himself and his official () a general right to entertain in the first instance complaints made against his suffragans' subjects, and () a general right to hear appeals omisso medio."
In the absence of such consent, the bishop may hear the cause with three assessors, of whom one shall be a barrister of seven years' standing and another the dean of the cathedral, or one of the archdeacons, or the chancellor.
In the Roman communion in England and the United States, there are commissions of investigation appointed to hear in first instance the criminal causes of clerks.
Although the scala tympani is so rudimentary, not reaching a higher level than in most of the reptiles, and remaining far below the mammalia, birds do not only hear extremely well, but they distinguish between and " understand " pitch, notes and melodies.
So far we have dealt with forms of address explicitly directed towards a power that, one might naturally conclude, has personality, since it is apparently expected to hear and answer.
Of the various "Siciliae populi," we hear of Greeks, Saracens, Lombards, sometimes of Franci, for by that time there were many French-speaking settlers in Sicily who were not of Norman descent.
He seems, however, not to have been contented with this position, and to have entertained the design of putting an end to the dependent kingdoms. At all events we hear of no kings of the Hwicce after about , and the kings of Sussex seem to have given up the royal title about the same time.
The first of these, based on the English model, are the courts of the elected justices of the peace, with jurisdiction over petty causes, whether civil or criminal; the second, based on the French model, are the ordinary tribunals of nominated judges, sitting with or without a jury to hear important cases.
The acting justice sits normally alone to hear causes in his canton of the peace (uchastok), but, at the request of both parties to a suit, he may call in an honorary justice as assessor or substitute.
So eager was he to hear the words of Socrates that he used to walk daily from Peiraeus to Athens, and persuaded his friends to accompany him.
Then we hear little more of it till at the opening of the Christian era it appears as flourishing Romano-Spanish town with a Latin-speaking population and the rank of municipium.
We hear some ' One may recall, in this connexion, Caxton's very interesting prologue to Malory's Morte d'Arthur and his remarks on the permanent value of the " histories " of this British hero.
In  and again in  we hear of further wars between the Britons and the Scots of Dalriada, the former being defeated in both years.
In  the North Britons are said to have been forced into submission and from this time onwards we hear very little of their history, though occasional references to the deaths of their kings show that the kingdom still continued to exist.
The fall of the kingdom was only temporary, for we hear of a defeat of the Scottish king Cuilean by the Britons in  .
In the th century Strathclyde appears to have been finally incorporated in the Scottish kingdom, and the last time we hear of one of its kings is at the battle of Carham in  when the British king Owen fought in alliance with Malcolm II.
For example, the priests are not to be chosen by the people; penitents are not to be present at ordinations (lest they should hear the failings of candidates discussed); bishops are to be appointed by the metropolitan and his suffragan; sub-deacons may not distribute the elements of the Eucharist; clerics are forbidden to leave a diocese without the bishop's permission.
Even before this we hear of the prophetic visions of Hildegard of Bingen (a contemporary of St Bernard) and Elizabeth of SchOnau.
After Tiberius's death the island seems to have been little visited by the emperors, and we hear of it only as a place of banishment for the wife and sister of Commodus.
He managed also to hear Blackstone's lectures at Oxford, but says that he immediately detected the fallacies which underlay the rounded periods of the future judge.
The following year, , being aided by Temminck of Amsterdam, of whose son we shall presently hear more, Le Vaillant brought out the sixth volume of  This is especially observable in the figures of the birds of prey.
As in a Greek tragedy, we hear in his works the echo of great events and terrible catastrophes; we do not see them.
They had torn men loose from the ancestral custom of home to walk in new ways and see new things and hear new thoughts; and some broadening of view, some lessening in the intensity of the old one-sidedness, was the inevitable result.
