
They can't understand that all those feelings they prize so--all our feelings, all those ideas that seem so important to us, are unnecessary.
In Prince Andrew's eyes Speranski was the man he would himself have wished to be--one who explained all the facts of life reasonably, considered important only what was rational, and was capable of applying the standard of reason to everything.
It is natural for a man who does not understand the workings of a machine to imagine that a shaving that has fallen into it by chance and is interfering with its action and tossing about in it is its most important part.
Some, as if unwilling to distract her from an important occupation, came up to her for a moment and made haste to go away, refusing to let her see them off.
The day after the review, Boris, in his best uniform and with his comrade Berg's best wishes for success, rode to Olmutz to see Bolkonski, wishing to profit by his friendliness and obtain for himself the best post he could--preferably that of adjutant to some important personage, a position in the army which seemed to him most attractive.
He was meeting Helene in Vilna after not having seen her for a long time and did not recall the past, but as Helene was enjoying the favors of a very important personage and Boris had only recently married, they met as good friends of long standing.
Kutuzov made a grimace and sent an order to Dokhturov to take over the command of the first army, and a request to the duke--whom he said he could not spare at such an important moment--to return to him.
At that very time, in circumstances even more important than retreating without a battle, namely the evacuation and burning of Moscow, Rostopchin, who is usually represented as being the instigator of that event, acted in an altogether different manner from Kutuzov.
The sleeve of his coat kept slipping down and he always carefully rolled it up again with his left hand, as if it were most important that the sinewy white arm he was flourishing should be bare.
But he also knew (or rather felt at the bottom of his heart) that by resigning himself now to the force of circumstances and to those who were guiding him, he was not only doing nothing wrong, but was doing something very important--more important than anything he had ever done in his life.
In their attitude toward him could still be felt both uncertainty as to who he might be – perhaps a very important person – and hostility as a result of their recent personal conflict with him.
Prince Andrew dimly realized that all this was trivial and that he had more important cares, but he continued to speak, surprising them by empty witticisms.
Only Count Orlov-Denisov with his Cossacks (the least important detachment of all) got to his appointed place at the right time.
It seemed to him that he was thinking of nothing, but far down and deep within him his soul was occupied with something important and comforting.
I considered this suggestion carefully, then I told Mr. Rhoades that I should be proud and glad to have wise friends to whom I could always turn for advice in all important matters.
At the time of the meeting at Tilsit he asked the names of those who had come with Napoleon and about the uniforms they wore, and listened attentively to words spoken by important personages.
He had a brilliant position in society thanks to his intimacy with Countess Bezukhova, a brilliant position in the service thanks to the patronage of an important personage whose complete confidence he enjoyed, and he was beginning to make plans for marrying one of the richest heiresses in Petersburg, plans which might very easily be realized.
Having finished speaking to her, the Emperor looked inquiringly at Balashev and, evidently understanding that he only acted thus because there were important reasons for so doing, nodded slightly to the lady and turned to him.
Boris was thus the first to learn the news that the French army had crossed the Niemen and, thanks to this, was able to show certain important personages that much that was concealed from others was usually known to him, and by this means he rose higher in their estimation.
Someone, a very important personage judging by the haste with which way was made for him, was approaching the icon.
He tried to pass either in front of them or to the right or left, but there were soldiers everywhere, all with the same preoccupied expression and busy with some unseen but evidently important task.
Jackson worried Elisabeth would miss her family, but she assured him that Christmas was not nearly as important as The Wolf Moon.
He didn't want to go but I felt it was important for him to be around friends his own age.
Dean passed out his business card to Mayer and a few of the other workers in case anything important came to mind.
The entire procedure oper­ated with a casualness to it that seemed to make fun of the seri­ous nature of what was happening, while the rules seemed more important than what they were designed to accomplish.
It took a moment for the words to sink in – or maybe the idea that he would discard her virtue as nothing important.
I don't know why it is important for me to know, or why you'd want to hide it from me – or her.
Sooner or later she would tell him, and he would know how important it was to her – and that she had hid it from him.
I know this place is important to you, but I want you to promise me you'll never come up here alone again.
And with a Frenchman's easy and naive frankness the captain told Pierre the story of his ancestors, his childhood, youth, and manhood, and all about his relations and his financial and family affairs, "ma pauvre mere" playing of course an important part in the story.
The chief thing in his eyes was not the nitrogen in the soil, nor the oxygen in the air, nor manures, nor special plows, but that most important agent by which nitrogen, oxygen, manure, and plow were made effective-- the peasant laborer.
When the old man tried to engage him in further conversation—this time about Pumpkin Green and the general irresponsibility of today's youth—he excused himself on an important errand and left Westlake standing in the hall.
It was far more important than the bet with the human, but Deidre couldn't help thinking about her deal and Darkyn's threat to reveal everything to Gabriel.
She changed into her own clothes and gathered the most important of her belongings before bracing herself to leave the room.
While he didn't want to hold back important information, neither did he wish to unduly upset the nervous woman any further.
No, the events of two weeks past didn't make total sense, at least not yet, but Dean was suddenly interested, not in avoiding Jerome Shipton, but asking him some important questions.
There is nothing I would rather do than stay here enjoying you until the sun comes up, but I have something very important to do and it can't wait.
If Sam was going to take care of the horses, it was important that she know which ones to be cautious with.
If this dog is what you want, it isn't important who gave it to you – and you don't need to ask me before you put another animal on this place.
In fact, her trust in him had been so complete that she had allowed him to make nearly every important decision in her life - until now.
In the time that she had known him, he had given no indication that he was impressed by money or people with important positions.
Your life is important to me, more so than the amount of pain I must put you through to sustain it, she replied.
Though the controversy went on, its most important result had already been achieved in the silencing of Convocation, for that body, though it had just "seemed to be settling down to its proper work in dealing with the real exigencies of the church" when the Hoadly dispute arose, did not meet again for the despatch of business for nearly a century and a half.
The lower, or south-eastern, part contains both the small group of streets belonging to old Stuttgart, and also the most important part of the new town.
He was one of the leaders of the emeutes of the th of June and the th of August , played an important part in the formation of the revolutionary commune which assured the success of the latter coup, and was made procureur of the commune.
Further, the skin is stated to be much less rough, with fewer cracks, while a more important difference occurs in the trunk, which lacks the transverse ridges so distinctive of the ordinary African elephant, and thereby approximates to the Asiatic species.
The most important of these are the greater tolerance by the African animal of sunlight, and the hard nature of its food, which consists chiefly of boughs and roots.
In February  he protested against all acts concerning the church passed by the parliament which met in , but this did not prevent the important proceedings which secured the complete submission of the church to the state later in the same year.
It is easy to see that such conclusions ignore important distinctions, and are, indeed, to a large extent an abuse of language.
It lies in the open valley of the Trent, at a short distance from the river, and near the important Trent Junction on the Midland railway system.
Considering the wide differences between the two groups in the size and external characters, and in the mode of life, including the mode of feeding, it is indeed surprising that in every important organ the two groups should show a fundamental morphological identity.
He collaborated with his father in the great edition of Saadia and the edition of Abu-Walid, and also produced a number of important editions of other Arabic writers.
Local winds form an important feature in nearly all the coast climates of the Mediterranean, especially in winter, where they are primarily caused by the rapid change of temperature from the sea to the snow-clad hinterlands.
At the time of the Spanish conquest Subtiaba was the residence of the great cacique of Nagrando, and contained an important Indian temple.
Meaning in general the "king's court," it is difficult to define the curia regis with precision, but it is important and interesting because it is the germ from which the higher courts of law, the privy council and the cabinet, have sprung.
Soon after he was engaged on an important embassy to Germany, the result of which was the treaty of Ulm, signed July .
The more important of the suburbs lie towards the east, where the promontory joins the main plateau, of which it forms the north-western extremity.
The countship of Angouleme dated from the th century, the most important of the early counts being William Taillefer, whose descendants held the title till the end of the th century.
A large number of cotton mills furnish the chief source of industry; printing, dyeing and bleaching of cotton and calico, spinning and weaving machine making, iron and steel works, and collieries in the neighbourhood, are also important.
The earliest form of the name is Bodleton or Botheltun, and the most important of the later forms are Bodeltown, Botheltunle-Moors, Bowelton, Boltune, Bolton-super-Moras, B olton-in-yeMoors, Bolton-le-Moors.
Lemstrbm believed atmospheric electricity to play an important part in the natural growth of vegetation, and he assigned a special role to the needles of fir and pine trees.
Douglas's longest, last, and in some respects most important work is his translation of the Aeneid, the first version of a great classic poet in any English dialect.
Douglas is in all important respects even more of a medievalist than his contemporaries; and, like Henryson and Dunbar, strictly a member of the allegorical school and a follower, in the most generous way, of Chaucer's art.
The woollen manufactures, dating from the close of the th century, are the most important in Scotland, though now mainly confined to the weaving of tweeds.
The Alleghany Plateau consists of nearly horizontal beds of limestone, sandstone and shales, including important seams of coal; inclines slightly toward the north-west, and is intricately dissected by extensively branching streams into a maze of narrow canyons and steep-sided hills.
Among the most important trees of this area are the white and chestnut oaks, the black walnut, the yellow poplar, and the cherry, the southern portion of the state containing the largest reserve supply.
His position rather than any personal qualities enabled him to play an important part in a great crisis of European politics.
Clive showed his appreciation of Hastings's merits by appointing him in  to the important post of resident at the court of Murshidabad.
During his three years of office as resident he was able to render not a few valuable services to the Company; but it is more important to observe that his name nowhere occurs in the official lists of those who derived pecuniary profit from the necessities and weakness of the native court.
Palgrave's most important work is his History of Normandy and England, which appeared in four volumes (London -), and deals with the history of the two countries down to .
The most famous remains of the ancient city are the temples, the most important of which form a row along the low cliffs at the south end of the city.
It will be sufficient to describe those forms with which the most important work has been done, or which have survived the tests of time and experience.
Their absolute freedom from diffraction, the perfect control of the illumination and thickness of the lines, and the accuracy with which it will be possible to construct scales for zone observations will be important features of the new method.
To the south of Terranova there is no harbour of any importance on the east coast (the Gulf of Orosei being exposed to the E., and shut in by a precipitous coast) until Tortoli is reached, and beyond that to the Capo Carbonara at the south-east extremity, and again along the south coast, there is no harbour before Cagliari, the most important on the island.
Pietro, forms a more or less protected basin, upon the shores of which are several small harbours (the most important being Carloforte), which are centres of the export of minerals and of the tunny fishery.
In the mountain villages the parish priest takes the lead among his people, and is not infrequently the most important person.
Sometimes they occupy the approaches to tablelands, the narrowest points of gorges, or the fords of rivers; sometimes almost inaccessible mountain tops or important points on ridges; and it may be noticed that, where two important nuraghi are not visible from one another, a small one is interpolated, showing that there was a system of signalling from one to another.
There are signs of trade with Etruria as early as the th century B.C. The Carthaginians made it into an important grainproducing centre; and the Romans set foot in the island more than once during the First Punic War.
In  and  he took part in the Dutch campaign in Belgium, and in , after being promoted to the rank of general, was sent on an important mission to the Dutch East Indies to inquire into the state of their military defences.
Papers by him have appeared in the mathematical journals of Italy, France, Germany and England, and he has published several important works, many of which have been translated into other languages.
In  the allied armies of the Hungarians under Hunyady and the Servians under George Brankovich, retook it from the Turks, but in  it again came under Turkish dominion, and remained for more than  years the most important Turkish military station on the road between Hungary and Constantinople.
The king set out for Rome to secure his coronation, but Venice refused to let him pass through .her territories; and at Trant, on the th of February , he took the important step of assuming the title of Roman Emperor Elect, to which he soon received the assent of pope Julius II.
He also made important contributions to the mathematical theory of electrodynamics, and in papers published in  and  established mathematically the laws of the induction of electric currents.
But in addition to bringing forward a fundamental and philosophical view of morbid processes, which probably contributed more than any other single cause to vindicate for pathology the place which he claimed for it among the biological sciences, Virchow made many important contributions to histology and morbid anatomy and to the study of particular diseases.
The only plain in the rugged little country was the White Plain, in which was situated the only important town, Megara.
Vulcan was the most important - perhaps in early times the only - deity worshipped at Ostia, and the priesthood of Vulcan was held sometimes by Roman senators.
It is mentioned in  B.C. as a trading port, and became important as a naval harbour during the Punic Wars.
The Italian government, to whom the greater part of it now belongs, laid bare many of the more important buildings in -; but much was left undone.
It is in a rich farming region, of which Indian corn and oats are important products, and has a large trade.
The distinction between these two was made emphatic by Aquinas, who is at pains, especially in his treatise Contra Gentiles, to make it plain that each is a distinct fountain of knowledge, but that revelation is the more important of the two.
He was now sent on an important mission to India; he left England in September , but the ship in which he sailed was lost at sea late in  or early in .
It is important to notice that Baumgarten's first work preceded those of Burke, Diderot, and P. Andre, and that Kant had a great admiration for him.
Two important educational establishments are the Indian Institute for the education of civil service students for thecolonies, to which is attached an ethnographical museum; and the Royal Polytechnic school, which almost ranks as a university, and teaches, among other sciences, that of diking.
The most important are those on Madame de Montausier (), which gained him the membership of the Academy, the duchesse d'Aiguillon (), and, above all, Marshal Turenne ().
The family name of the principal branch of this tribe is Abu Sin, and Gedaref, an important town in the centre of the Shukria country, was formerly called Suk Abu Sin.
In addition to the encyclical letter, nineteen resolutions were put forth, and the reports of twelve special committees are appended upon which they are based, the subjects being intemperance, purity, divorce, polygamy, observance of Sunday, socialism, care of emigrants, mutual relations of dioceses of the Anglican Communion, home reunion, Scandinavian Church, Old Catholics, &c., Eastern Churches, standards of doctrine and worship. Perhaps the most important of these is the famous "Lambeth Quadrilateral," which laid down a fourfold basis for home reunion - the Holy Scriptures, the Apostles' and Nicene creeds, the two sacraments ordained by Christ himself and the historic episcopate.
So far as the organization of the Anglican Church is concerned, the most important outcome of the conference was the reconstruction of the Central Consultative Body on representative lines (-); this body to consist of the archbishop of Canterbury and seventeen bishops appointed by the various Churches of the Anglican Communion throughout the world.
Steamers run from Grand Rapids, through Lake Winnipeg, up Red river to the city of Winnipeg, important locks having been constructed on the river at St Andrews.
While these early traders used the canoe and the York boat,' yet the steam-boat played an important part in the early history of the region from  till , when access from the United States was gained by steamers down the Red River.
His eldest son Alexander, who succeeded him in  , was provost of Edinburgh in  ,   and ; he was knighted and held various important court offices under successive monarchs; at the time of his death in  he was master of the household to James III.
He also was provost of Edinburgh at various times, and it is a remarkable instance of the esteem in which the lairds of Merchiston were held that three of them in immediate lineal succession repeatedly filled so important an office during perhaps the most memorable period in the history of the city.
The Annales were first published in , but many important passages were omitted in this edition, as they reflected on the Roman Catholics.
He spoke at an important meeting upon this question in London on the th of June , which laid the ground for the University Tests Act of .
Denver is an important railway centre, being served by nine railways, of which the chief are the Atchison, ' Topeka & Santa Fe; the Chicago, Burlington & Quincy; the Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific; the Denver & Rio Grande; the Union Pacific; and the Denver, North-Western & Pacific, Denver lies on the South Platte river, at an altitude exactly m.
Besides the Shari, the only important stream entering Lake Chad is the Waube or Yo (otherwise the Komadugu Yobe), which rises near Kano, and flowing eastward enters the lake on its western side  m.
He became (-) the leading spirit of Nicolai's important literary undertakings, the Bibliothek and the Literaturbriefe, and ran some risk (which Frederick's good nature obviated) by somewhat freely criticizing the poems of the king of Prussia.
Avranches, an important military station of the Romans, was in the middle ages chief place of a county of the duchy of Normandy.
The Adige has a course of about  m., and, after the Po, is the most important river in Italy.
It has two important branches - at the south-west the Gulf of Aden, connecting with the Red Sea through the strait of Bab-elMandeb; and at the north-west the Gulf of Oman, connecting with the Persian Gulf.
It is rough in form and the author shows no power of discriminating between important and unimportant events; yet the chronicle is an excellent authority for the history of Saxony during the reigns of the emperors Otto III.
Both of these men made important contributions to science, and rendered an inestimable service to the country, not only through their publications but also through the interest they aroused in scientific research.
The export, moreover, of live sheep and of frozen mutton to Europe has become an important factor in the trade of Argentina.
The continual encroachments of the Portuguese at length led the Spanish government to take the important step of making Buenos Aires the seat of a viceroyalty with jurisdiction over the territories of the present republics of Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay and the Argentine Confederation ().
The coast, constantly encroaching on the sea by reason of the alluvium washed down by the rivers of the Pyrenees and Cvennes, is without important harbours saving that of Cette, itself continually invaded by the sand.
The most important French lake is that of Grand-Lieu, between Nantes and Pairnbceuf (Loire-Infrieure), which presents a surface of , acres.
In north and central Franee the chief trees are the oak, the beech, rare south of the Loire, and the hornbeam; less important varieties are the birch, poplar, ash, elm and walnut.
There were, moreover, other and broader oscillations which raised or lowered extensive areas withbut much crumpling of the strata, and to these are due some of the most important breaks in the geological series.
Before these alterations the relations between the state and the Roman Catholic communion, by far the largest and most important in France, were chiefly regulated by the provisions of the Concordat of , concluded between the first consul, Bonaparte, and Pope Pius VII.
The greatest number of Jews is to be found at Paris, Lyons and Bordeaux, while the departments of the centre and of the south along the range of the Cvennes, where Calvinism flourishes, are the principal Protestant localities, Nimes being the most important centre.
All the Maize - - - , more important questions of church discipline and all decisions regulating the doctrine and practice of the church are dealt with by the synods.
Market-gardenin is an important industry in the regions round Paris, Amiens an Angers, as it is round Toulouse, Montauban,Avignon and in southern France generally.
Colsa, grown chiefly in the lower basin of the Seine (SeineInfrieure and Eure), is the most important of the oil-producing plants, all of which show a diminishing acreage.
The environs of Creil (Oise) and Chteau-Landon (Seine-et-Marne) are noted for their freestone (pierre de taille), which is also abundant at Euville and Lrouville in Meuse; the production of plaster is particularly important in the environs of Paris, of kaolin of fine quality at Yrieix (-Jaute-Vienne), of hydraulic lime in Ardche (Le Teil), of lime phosphates in the department of Somme, of marble in the departments of HauteGaronne (St Beat), Hautes-Pyrnes (Campan, Sarrancolin), Isre and Pas-de-Calais, and of cement in Pas-de-Calais (vicinity of Boulogne) and Isre (Grenoble).
There are important zinc works at Auby and St Amand (Nord) and Viviez (Aveyron) and Noyelles-Godault (Pas-de-Calais); there are lead works at the latter place, and others of greater irirportance at Couron (Loire-Infrieure).
Railways.The first important line in France, from Paris to Rouen, was constructed through the instrumentality of Sir Edward Blount (-), an English banker in Paris, who was afterwards for thirty years chairman of the Ouest railway.
Other important training institutions are the staff college (cole suprieure de Guerre) which trains annually  to  selected captains and lieutenants; the musketry school of Chlons, the gymnastic school at Joinville-le-Pont and the schools of St Maixent, Saumur and Versailles for the preparation.
Besides the important harbours already referred to, the French fleet has naval bases at Oran in Algeria, Bizerta in Tunisia, Saigon in Cochin China and Hongaj in Tongking, DiegoSuarez in Madagascar, Dakar in Senegal, Fort de France in Martinique, Nouma in New Caledonia.
The most important free institution in this class is the cole des Sciences Politiques, which prepares pupils for the civil services and teaches a great number of political subjects, connected with France and foreign countries, not included in the state programmes.
The colonial minister is assisted by a number of organizations of which the most important is the superior council of the colonies (created by decree in ), an advisory body which inclUdes the senators and deputies elected by the colonies, and delegates elected by the universal suffrage of all citizens in the colonies and protectorates which do not return members to parliament.
The surrounding country produces tobacco of a very superior quality, and to the tobacco industry, introduced in , the growth of Winston is chiefly due; the manufacture of flat plug tobacco here is especially important.
During Somerset's protectorate he entered public life and was made a secretary of state, being sent on an important diplomatic mission to Brussels.
His power was formerly of great extent, but he has now practically no important duty to exercise except that of chairman of the Dover harbour board.
It is found in European streams, and is caught by anglers, being also a favourite in aquariums. The well-known and important industry of "Essence Orientale" and artificial pearls, carried on in France and Germany with the crystalline silvery colouring matter of the bleak, was introduced from China about the middle of the th century.
To the west of the Sheep Gate there were two important towers in the wall, called respectively Meah and Hananeel.
Herod again raised the city to the position of an important capital, restoring the fortifications, and rebuilding the Temple from its foundations.
The next important epoch in building construction at Jerusalem was about , when the empress Eudocia visited Palestine and expended large sums on the improvement of the city.
Amongst the more important buildings for ecclesiastical and philanthropic purposes erected to the north of the city since  are the Russian cathedral, hospice and hospital; the French hospital of St Louis, and hospice and church of St Augustine; the German schools, orphanages and hospitals; the new hospital and industrial school of the London mission to the Jews; the Abyssinian church; the church and schools of the Church missionary society; the Anglican church, college and bishop's house; the Dominican monastery, seminary and church of St Stephen; the Rothschild hospital and girls' school; and the industrial school and workshops of the Alliance Israelite.
It is an important military cantonment and sanatorium, being the headquarters of a brigade in the second division of the northern army corps.
Of Porzio's other works, the Storia d'Italia (from  to ), of which only the first two books have survived, is the most important.
The older records utilized by the Deuteronomic and later compilers indicate some common tradition which has found expression in these varying forms. Different religious standpoints are represented in the biblical writings, and it is now important to observe that the prophecies of Hosea unmistakably show another attitude to the Israelite priesthood.
This conception of the Sabbath, however, necessarily underwent an important modification when the local sanctuaries were abolished under the "Deuteronomic" reform, and those sacrificial rites and feasts which in Hosea's time formed the essence of every act of religion were limited to the central altar, which most men could visit only at rare intervals.
From this time forward the new moons, which till then had been at least as important as the Sabbath and were celebrated by sacrificial feasts as occasions of religious gladness, fall into insignificance, except in the conservative temple ritual.
The observance of such days was a bar to attending even to important diplomatic business or setting out on a journey Such nubattu days fell on the rd, th and th of the intercalary month of Elul, and were noted as the nubattu of Marduk and his consort.
He was in communication all his life with the leading contemporary statesmen, so that his correspondence is one of the most interesting and important of historical documents.
The belief in human immortality in some form is almost universal; even in early animistic cults the germ of the idea is present, and in all the higher religions it is an important feature.
A future life for him is important, because our happiness in it may depend on our present conduct; and therefore our action here should take into account the reward or punishment that it may bring on us hereafter.
It is important to observe that in resting the fame of Pheidias upon the sculptures of the Parthenon we proceed with little evidence.
The coronation of Birger Jarlsson Valdemar took place in the cathedral in ; and in the reign of Gustavus Vasa several important diets were held in the town.
The vertical relief of the land above the ocean is a very important factor in determining the climate as well as the distribution of the fauna and flora of a continent.
With the exception of Tasmania there are no important islands belonging geographically to Australia, for New Guinea, Timor and other islands of the East Indian archipelago, though not removed any great distance from the continent, do not belong to its system.
The Brisbane river, falling into Moreton Bay, is important chiefly from the fact that the city of Brisbane is situated on its banks.
There are also several extremely valuable soft timbers, the principal being red cedar (Cedrela Toona), silky oak (Grevillea robusta), beech and a variety of teak, with several important species of pine.
The red gum forests of the Murray valley and the pine forests bordering the Great Plains are important and valuable.
Other important crops grown are - maize, , acres; oats, , acres; other grains, , acres; hay, ,, acres; potatoes, , acres; sugar-cane, , acres; vines, , acres; and other crops, , acres.
Although the timbers of commercial value are confined practically to the eastern and a portion of the western coastal belt and a few inland tracts of Australia, they constitute an important national asset.
Trout may now be taken in many of the mountain streams. At one time whaling was an important industry on the coasts of New South Wales and Tasmania, and afterwards on the Western Australian coasts.
The first important discovery was made in , when gold was found in the Kimberley district; but it was not until a few years later that this rich and extensive area was developed.
The more important mines are those of Cobar, where the Great Cobar mine produces annually nearly  tons of refined copper.
The most important tin-mines in Queensland are in the Herberton district, south-west of Cairns; at Cooktown, on the Annan and Bloomfield rivers; and at Stanthorpe, on the border of New South Wales.
The most important discovery of coal in the state, so far, is that made in the bed of the Collie river, near Bunbury, to the south of Perth.
Lines of steamers connect Australia with London and other British ports, with Germany, Belgium, France, Italy, Japan, China, India, San Francisco, Vancouver, New York and Montevideo, several important lines being subsidized by the countries to which they belong, notably Germany, France and Japan.
By these means, the unknown region of Mid Australia was simultaneously entered from the north, south, east and west, and important additions were made to geographical knowledge.
Of the several attempts to cross Western Australia, even Major Warburton's expedition, the most successful, had failed in the important particular of determining the nature of the country through which it passed.
Amongst the more important explorations may be ranked those of Tietkins in , of Lindsay in , of Wells in , of Hiibbe in , and of the Hon.
Taking the states as a whole, agrarian legislation has been the most important subject that has engrossed the attention of their parliaments, and every state has been more or less engaged in tinkering with its land laws.
In  the last important conference on the Chinese question was held in Sydney and attended by delegates from all the states.
In  there was an important rise in wages, in the following year there was a further advance, and another in ; but in  wages fell back a little, though not below the rate of .
The events of these three years taught the Labour leaders that a parliamentary party was of little practical influence unless it was able to cast on all important occasions a solid vote, and to meet the case a new method was devised.
Naturally, however, as the ideals of the members of the party are the same, the members of the Labour party will be generally found voting together on all important divisions, the chief exception being with regard to free trade or protection.
The strikes of the years  and  are just as important on account of their political consequences as from the direct gains or losses involved.
The award of the court is thus the equivalent of the determination of a special board in Victoria, and deals with the same questions, the most important of which are the minimum rates of wages and the number of working hours per week.
He was also the author of important papers in which he extended to complex quadratic forms many of Gauss's investigations relating to real quadratic forms. After  he devoted himself chiefly to elliptic functions, and numerous papers on this subject were published by him in the Proc. Lond.
The raising of cattle, pigs and sheep is a fairly important branch of industry throughout the duchy; horses are bred in Kamburg.
There are salt-works at Salzungen and Neusulza, the former the most important in Thuringia; and the mineral water of Friedrichshall is well known.
Its most important feature is a large stucco bas-relief, occupying a central position on the back wall of the sanctuary.
The department of agriculture has an experiment station, established by the state in , in which important experiments in cotton breeding have been carried on.
The Gallo-Celtic tribes bore the general appellation of Belgae, and among these the Nervii, inhabiting the district between the Scheldt and the Sambre were at the date of Caesar's invasion,  B.C., the most warlike and important.
Alexander Ghent had fallen into the hands of John Casimir, Farnese and under his armed protection a fierce and intolerant governor= Calvinism reigned supreme in that important city.
On his arrival he reinstated Hyrcanus in the high-priesthood at Jerusalem, suppressed revolts, introduced important changes in the government of Judaea, and rebuilt several towns.
The "wisdom" personified by the moon-god is likewise an expression of the science of astrology in which the observation of the moon's phases is so important a factor.
Here, too, he published, in , his most important work, the Chronica, Zeitbuch and Geschichtsbibel, largely a compilation on the basis of the Nuremberg Chronicle (), and in its treatment of social and religious questions connected with the Reformation, exhibiting a strong sympathy with heretics, and an unexampled fairness to all kinds of freedom in opinion.
In England materialism has been endemic, so to speak, from Hobbes to the present time, and English materialism is more important perhaps than that of any other country.
The former of these two appendixes plays an especially important part in hepatoscopy, and, according to its shape and peculiarities, furnishes a good or bad omen.
Close by are the ruins of the castle of Sobroso, which played an important part in the medieval civil wars.
The state's lumber trade was important until , when the white pine was nearly exhausted, although there were still spruce and hemlock.
Hay and forage are the most important crops, and Vermont grasses for grazing have been favourably known since the close of the th century.
There are important quarries in Franklin (disambiguation)|Franklin county (at Swanton), the stone being a dark Chazy limestone, in which pink and red ("jasper," "lyonnaise" and "royal red") marbles of Cambrian age are found.
Only less important and only less early to be established in Vermont was the quarrying of granite, which began in , but which has been developed chiefly since , largely by means of the building of "granite railroads" which connect each quarry with a main railway line - a means of transportation as important as the logging railways of the Western states and of Canada.
Slate-quarrying and cutting is carried on in the south-western part of the state, in Rutland county; there are important quarries at Fair Haven, Poultney, Castleton, Wells and Pawlet.
The first important industry of the state was "rafting" lumber from Vermont through Lake Champlain and the Richelieu and St Lawrence rivers to Quebec. Burlington became a great lumber market for a trade moving in the direction of Boston after the Richelieu river was blocked to navigation and railway transportation began, and in  Burlington was the third lumber centre in the United States.
Mountain streams furnish important water-power, and the typical factory of Vermont has long been a sawmill run by a water-wheel.
The more important township officials are a moderator, a board of selectmen, a clerk, a treasurer and a superintendent of schools.
One important variation, however, was a clause in the bill of rights providing for the abolition of slavery, Vermont being the first state in America to take such action.
Aston Lower Grounds, adjoining the park, contain an assembly hall, and the playing field of the Aston Villa Football Club, where the more important games are witnessed by many thousands of spectators.
Einstein's work is so important and has proved fertile in so many various branches of physics that it is not possible to do more than enumerate a few of the most salient papers.
He published in  the important book Die Griechen and Romer, which was followed by the suggestive Geschichte der Poesie der Griechen and Romer ().
Among later residents commemorated is Edward Lloyd, who was the first person to show the value of esparto grass for the manufacture of paper, and thus started an industry which is one of the most important in Algeria.
An important product of oak woods is the bark that from a remote period has been the chief tanning material of Europe.
Phellos, a rather large tree found on swampy land in the southern states, is the most important of this group; its timber is of indifferent quality.
He supported stoutly the extreme party of opposition to the king, but did not take the lead except on a few less important occasions, and was apparently silent in the debates on the Petition of Right, the Grand Remonstrance and the Militia.
Religious toleration was granted, but with the important exception that some harsh measures were enacted against Anglicans and Roman Catholics, to neither of whom was liberty of worship accorded.
Cromwell's policy in this instance was not overturned at the Restoration, and the great Jewish immigration into England with all its important consequences may be held to date practically from these first concessions made by Cromwell.
This gave them not merely greater steadiness, but, what was far more important, the power of rallying and reforming for a second effort.
The Kabul (ancient Kophes), which is the most important (although not the largest) river in Afghanistan, rises at the foot of the Unai pass leading over the Sanglakh range, an offshoot of the Hindu Kush towards Bamian and Afghan Turkestan.
The important silk industry, however, began to revive about go, and dairy farming is prosperous; but the condition of the vilayet is far less unsettled than that of Macedonia, owing partly to the preponderance of Moslems among the peasantry, and partly to the nearness of Constantinople, with its Western influences.
The main railway from Belgrade to Constantinople skirts the Maritza and Ergene valleys, and there is an important branch line down the Maritza valley to Dedeagatch, and thence coastwise to Salonica.
Grant threw the whole weight of his great influence in favour of confederation, and his oratory played an important part in securing the success of the movement.
At a time when many encyclopedias have capsulated and condensed important knowledge, the th edition is generally much more in-depth and thorough on its topics.
In the municipality of Berhampur is included the remnant of the once important, but now utterly decayed city of Cossimbazar.
The important T Lents of  and  at Grenoble were a prelude to a still more important apostolate in Paris, "the theatre of the world," as St Vincent de Paul calls it.
Dammartin is historically important as the seat of a countship of which the holders played a considerable part in French history.
Most of the movable paintings have since  been collected in the Pinacoteca Vannucci, established in the Palazzo del Municipio; besides a considerable number of pieces by Perugino, there are specimens of Niccolo Alunno, Bonfigli, Pinturicchio, &c. A very interesting and important exhibition of Umbrian art was held here in .
It took, however, an important part in the rebellion of , and was reduced, with Vulsinii and Arretium, to seek for peace in the following year.
It is practically important to consider the rate at which energy may be transformed into useful work, or the horse-power of the agent.
Thus there was quite as much important solo music for the flute as for the violin; and almost more music for the viola da gamba than for the violoncello.
Classical and modern chamber-music in the sonata style consists mainly of string-quartets for  violins, viola and violoncello; string-trios (rare, because very difficult to write sonorously); pianoforte-trios (pianoforte, violin and violoncello); pianoforte-quartets (pianoforte with string-trio); pianoforte-quintets (pianoforte with string-quartet); string-quintets (with  violas, very rarely with  violoncellos), and (in two important cases by Brahms) stringsextets.
The use of cranes is of great antiquity, but it is only since the great industrial development of the th century, and the introduction of other motive powers than hand labour, that the crane has acquired the important and indispensable position it now occupies.
Much attention has been paid to the improvement of the mechanical details of the lifting and other motions of cranes, and in important installations the gearing is now usually made of cast steel.
There are numerous and important variations of these two types, but the above contain the elements out of which most cranes of the class are built.
Rajputana possesses no natural freshwater lakes, but there are several important artificial lakes, all of which have been constructed with the object of storing water.
By rigid precedence the Brahmans occupy the first rank; they are numerous and influential, and with them may be classed the peculiar and important caste of Bhats, the keepers of secular tradition and of the genealogies.
The so-called " contracts," including a great variety of deeds, conveyances, bonds, receipts, accounts and, most important of all, the actual legal decisions given by the judges in the law courts, exist in thousands.
Ethical and sociological developments of this theory succeed its physical and psychological treatment, the consideration of the antinomy of freedom being especially important.
This was a very important position owing to the amount of information concerning European affairs which passed through the hands of the representative of Spain.
An important advance on this was proposed in  by Lomond,' who used only one line of wire and an alphabet of motions.
This telegraph required six wires, and was shortly afterwards displaced by the single-needle system, still to a large extent used on railway and other less important circuits.
The particular sizes and descriptions of wires used are dependent upon the character of the " circuits " the longer and more important circuits requiring the heavier wire.
Bristol, Exeter and other important towns have been laid, and eventually telegraphic communication between every important town in the United Kingdom will be rendered safe from interruptions caused by gales or snowstorms.
In the British Postal Telegraph Department all the most important wires are tested every morning between . and . A.M., in sections of about  miles.
It is important to observe that the risk is in no way obviated by the increasing slack paid out, except in so far as the amount of sliding which the strength of the cable is able to produce at the points of contact with the ground may be thereby increased.
A simple, but important, addition to enable the reading from the instrument to be effected by sound is shown in fig.
In this, as Most important cables, such as those of the Eastern Telegraph and the other with the earth; but it differed from other methods in requiring no " artificial " or balancing cable.
Marconi, however, made the important discovery that if his sensitive tube or coherer had one terminal attached to a metal plate lying on the earth, or buried in it, and the other to an insulated plate elevated at a height above the ground, it could detect the presence of very feeble electric waves of a certain kind originating at a great distance.
In the case of the inductive mode of exciting the oscillations an important quantity is the coefficient of coupling of the two oscillation circuits.
An important modification of this method enables not only audible signals but articulated words to be transmitted, and gives thus a system of wireless telephony.
An important International Conference on radiotelegraphy was held in Berlin in , and as a result of its deliberations international regulations have been adopted by the chief Powers of the world.
In  B.C. this important place, the headquarters and treasure city of the Punic army, was stormed and taken with great slaughter by P. Scipio.
It is the see of a bishopric and headquarters of an important military district, having an arsenal and military barracks.
In connexion with the present subject it is important to notice the three characteristics of a musical sound, namely, pitch, loudness and quality.
Experiments bearing on this subject were subsequently made by a great number of investigators. Page's discovery is of considerable importance in connexion with the theory of action of various forms of telephone, and was a very important feature in the early attempts by Reis to transit music and speech.
Neither of them seemed to recognize anything as important except pitch and amplitude, and Reis thought the amplitude was to some extent obtained by the varying length of contact in the transmitting instrument.
As no practical process of telephone relaying has been devised, it is extremely important that the character of the line should be such as to favour the preservation of the strength and form of the telephone current.
Many important differences are also recorded between the skulls of the two animals, and it is especially noteworthy that the last lower molar is smaller in the wild than in the tame race.
This comparison leads to the important conclusion that the wild Bactrian Camelus bactrianus ferus comes much nearer to the fossil species than it does to the domesticated breed, the resemblance being specially noticeable in the absolutely and relatively small size of the last molar.
More important are the rivers that descend from the main chain of the Graian and Pennine Alps and join the Po on its left bank.
This constitution of the great mass of the central Apennines has in all ages exercised an important influence upon the character of this portion of Italy, which may be considered as divided by nature into two great regions, a cold and barren upland country, bordered on both sides by rich and fertile tracts, enjoying a warm but temperate climate.
The Tiber, a much more important river than the Arno, and the largest in Italy with the exception of the Po, rises in the Apennines, about  m.
The most important of these, the Lacus Fucinus of the ancients, now called the Lago di Celano, situated almost exactly in the centre of the peninsula, occupies a basin of considerable extent, surrounded by mountains and without any natural outlet, at an elevation of more than  ft.
Lava is much used for paving-stones in the neighborhood of volcanic districts, where pozzolana (for cement) and pumice stone are also important.
Milan s the most important railway centre in the country, and is followed by Turin, Genoa, Verona, Bologna, Rome, Naples.
In the south they are rare, on account partly of the mountainous character of the country, and partly of the scarcity of traffic. All the important towns of Italy are provided with internal electric tramways, mostly with overhead wires.
The most important imports are minerals, including coal and metals (both in pig and wrought); silks, raw, spun and woven; stone, potters earths, earthenware and glass; corn, flour and farinaceous products; cotton, raw, spun and woven; and live stock.
Most large towns contain important state or communal archives, iii which a considerable amount of research is being done by local investigators; the various societies for local history (Societd di Storia Patria) do very good work and issue valuable publications; the treasures which the archives contain are by no means exhausted.
The law of f therefore still regulates the principles of military service in Italy, though an important modification was made in o.
The most important change introduced by the new law has been the creation in every province of a provincial administrative junta entrusted with the supervision of communal administrations, a function previously discharged by the provincial deputation.
The most important of the local dues is the gate tax, or dazio di consumo, which may be either a surtax upon commodities (such as alcoholic drinks or meat), having already paid customs duty at the frontier, in which case the local surtax may not exceed % of the frontier duty, or an exclusively communal duty limited to % on flour, bread and farinaceous products, and to % upon other commodities.
No satisfactory collection has been made of the Celtic inscriptions of Cisalpine Gaul, though many are scattered about in different museums. For our present purpose it is important to note that the archaeological stratification in deposits like those of Bologna shows that the Gallic period supervened upon the Etruscan.
From Beneventum, another important road centre, the Via Appia itself ran south-east through the mountains past Venusia to Tarentum on the south-west coast of the heel, and thence across Calabria to Brundusium, while Trajans correction of it, following an older mule-track, ran north-east through the mountains and then through the lower ground of Apulia, reaching the coast at Barium.
The Via Flaminia was the earliest and most important road to the north; and it was soon extended (in  B.C.) by the Via Aemilia running through Bononia as far as Placentia, in an almost absolutely straight line between the plain of the P and the foot of the Apennines.
Cremona, on the north bank of the P, was an important meeting point of roads and Hostilia (Ostiglia) another; so also was Patavium, farther east, and Altinum and Aquileia farther east still.
Westward two short but important roads led on each side of the Tiber to the great harbour at its mouth; while the coast of Latium was supplied with a coast road by Septimius Severus.
