
Then a little man jumped out of the basket, took off his tall hat, and bowed very gracefully to the crowd of Mangaboos around him.
Alex had been the one who helped her see them as true family, and yet he was having issues accepting his own father.
Apparently his greatest concern was the fact that his mother was married to his adoptive father at the time he was conceived.
His tail was short and scraggly, and his harness had been broken in many places and fastened together again with cords and bits of wire.
Instead, he drew a leathern case from his pocket and took from it several sharp knives, which he joined together, one after another, until they made a long sword.
Pierre pushed his way into the middle of the group, listened, and convinced himself that the man was indeed a liberal, but of views quite different from his own.
Taking her in his arms, he held her close for a moment and then planted a kiss on her forehead.
Alex retrieved her from Felipa and shifted her so that she sat on his arm, one of her arms around his neck.
There was even a thorn upon the tip of his nose and he looked so funny that Dorothy laughed when she saw him.
With his head bent, and his big feet spread apart, he began explaining his reasons for thinking the abbe's plan chimerical.
He felt that his words, apart from what meaning they conveyed, were less audible than the sound of his opponent's voice.
Pierre wished to say that he was ready to sacrifice his money, his serfs, or himself, only one ought to know the state of affairs in order to be able to improve it, but he was unable to speak.
When Señor Medena introduced the girl as his daughter, Carmen caught her breath and looked at Alex for an explanation.
Carmen met his gaze for a moment - long enough to reunite, and then they both turned back to the others.
Then they caressed their way up her side, his thumb sliding under her bra and gently up the curve of her breast.
The man, or boy, couldn't have been more than twenty, yet his steps were as sure as the hands that whirled her around the room.
We all knew about his family, but the way he acted, it was as if he wanted to hide them from us.
Other than the one time he had lost his temper with her, she had never known him to be anything but gentle.
After all, he knew Katie too, but they only wanted the people he knew before he met his wife - excluding his sister.
He sat down on the edge of the bed, staring at his feet... and then keeled over on the bed.
Carmen glanced at Señor Medena, who was beaming as if they were his children... or as if they were his biological grandchildren.
What would be different this time was the fact that he couldn't deny the babies were his - that and the fact that this time she had no uterus to lose.
Like Alex, it was impossible to guess what was going on in his mind by the expression on his face.
Alex had raced to her rescue because he knew she was too naïve to realize what his father was doing.
If Katie hadn't disclosed that incident to her before she met Alex, would he have revealed that facet of his past?
Then he turned away and rubbed the back of his neck in that way he did when he knew he was wrong but wasn't sure why.
But then, he had made it clear from the start that he didn't want any of them in his life.
Apparently he found what he was looking for, because a smile touched the corners of his mouth and his eyes warmed.
Later as she lay awake beside him, listening to the sound of his breathing, it occurred to her that they had fallen into the pattern of making up by making love.
He slid an arm under her and gently took her hand in his, planting a warm moist kiss in the center of the palm.
When she re-entered the bedroom, he was propped up on a pillow, his eyes closed and the blankets tucked around his neck.
Maybe it was anger that prompted him to make the remark about her spending his money, but he never apologized about it specifically.
I was thinking about buying a new vehicle and wondered if we had the money, so I looked at his financial information on the computer.
He wasn't opposed to having it, but he insisted on sharing it in fair business - and with his wife, more or less.
Considering her own feelings about Alex, and the fact that he was a lot like his father, it wasn't hard to imagine that his mother never got over Señor Medena.
He had access to his part much earlier than I did, so he was able to make some investments that really paid off.
Since his current office was directly across from their bedroom, it seemed a better place for babies that Alex said could be born early.
On the other hand, Alex needed to be in a position where he was forced to actually talk to his father.
