
He was a very old man, bent nearly double; but the queerest thing about him was his white hair and beard.
Let him who has work to do recollect that the object of clothing is, first, to retain the vital heat, and secondly, in this state of society, to cover nakedness, and he may judge how much of any necessary or important work may be accomplished without adding to his wardrobe.
I called him Black Beauty, as I had just read the book, and he resembled his namesake in every way, from his glossy black coat to the white star on his forehead.
But he did not wish the little girl to think him a coward, so he advanced slowly to the edge of the roof.
He asked her to go back to Houston with him, enticing her with rides on the beach - and love all night.
She could count his ribs easily where they showed through the skin of his body, and his head was long and seemed altogether too big for him, as if it did not fit.
In the closets he discovered many fancy costumes of rich velvets and brocades, and one of the attendants told him to dress himself in any of the clothes that pleased him and to be prepared to dine with the Princess and Dorothy in an hour's time.
For a moment she surrendered to his warm lips and secure embrace, clinging to him as her heart stepped up pace.
The next morning when he stood by the door before leaving for work, she looked him over while he examined a document.
For the first time the memory of how he reacted when she told him she was pregnant wasn't a painful one.
Eureka quickly followed him, and soon they were all standing together upon the platform, with eight of the much prized wooden wings beside them.
He walked up and down the river bank, leading his horse behind him; but he kept his eyes turned always toward the dim, dark spot which he knew was the old North Church.
When the salesperson rings up your purchase, no one tells him he had better forget what shoes he sold you with that suit and not to use that information to advise any future clients.
He had died by the time I read that passage in one of his books, so I couldn't write him, as is my normal practice when an author's words puzzle me.
His methods had probably died with him; and if they had not, how was a little girl in a far-off town in Alabama to receive the benefit of them?
A man who has at length found something to do will not need to get a new suit to do it in; for him the old will do, that has lain dusty in the garret for an indeterminate period.
The nobility don't gwudge theah lives--evewy one of us will go and bwing in more wecwuits, and the sov'weign" (that was the way he referred to the Emperor) "need only say the word and we'll all die fo' him!" added the orator with animation.
Allen couldn't be rejected, so he belittled her intelligence, the close relationship with her family and accused her of cheating on him.
These they could not see, but they could feel them pelting the buggy top, and Jim screamed almost like a human being when a stone overtook him and struck his boney body.
Dorothy kept hold of his hand and followed him, and soon they were both walking through the air, with the kitten frisking beside them.
There sat the thorny Sorcerer in his chair of state, and when the Wizard saw him he began to laugh, uttering comical little chuckles.
Dorothy was captured in the same way, and numbers of the Gargoyles clung to Jim's legs, so weighting him down that the poor beast was helpless.
But Dorothy sprang up and ran to seize her friend's hand drawing him impulsively toward the lovely Princess, who smiled most graciously upon her guest.
She started to get up so she could lead him to their bedroom, but he tugged her back down to the window seat.
He's always been secretive, and whenever I ask him, he just tells me it's something I don't want to be involved in.
Carmen left her chair in one quick movement and circled his neck with her arms, kissing him on the temple.
He said he felt bad about it, but conceded that Tessa had been less than honest with him on more than one occasion.
When Alex approached Carmen about giving Tessa some money, she said it was up to him, but keep in mind that the issue could have been something like drugs.
As if Matthew thought the encouragement was intended for him, he latched onto her breast, creating a suction that sent tiny bubbles down the feeding tube.
Maybe he wondered - maybe he knew - if his father had ever held him as he held his offspring right now.
Then they told him dinner would be served directly and he replied that they could not serve it too quickly to suit his convenience.
There was enough material there to enable him to prepare several new tricks which he had learned from some of the jugglers in the circus, and he had passed part of the night in getting them ready.
They applauded all his tricks and at the end of the performance begged him earnestly not to go away again and leave them.
Instead of keeping still, so I could eat him comfortably, he trembled so with fear that he fell off the table into a big vase that was standing on the floor.
At first the piglet stuck in the neck of the vase and I thought I should get him, after all, but he wriggled himself through and fell down into the deep bottom part--and I suppose he's there yet.
He shall have all the rooms in the house, and the ladies' parlor, too, I'll go right round to the Planters' and fetch him back.
Bondone was surprised when Cimabue offered to take his little boy to Florence and teach him to be a great painter.
This feat pleased me highly, as his body was very heavy, and it took all my strength to drag him half a mile.
Pierre, who from the moment Prince Andrew entered the room had watched him with glad, affectionate eyes, now came up and took his arm.
Adraksin was in uniform, and whether as a result of the uniform or from some other cause Pierre saw before him quite a different man.
Pierre, however, felt excited, and the general desire to show that they were ready to go to all lengths--which found expression in the tones and looks more than in the substance of the speeches--infected him too.
I knew because he proved to me that I could trust him with my heart and soul - the way you trust your mother and father.
Of course, she knew Alex well enough now to know he didn't like people to hand out information about him.
Other than the one time he had lost his temper with her, she had never known him to be anything but gentle.
I never thought of him as being anything else but a salesman until I saw him tonight, but he seems so... comfortable now.
Carmen was looking at someone behind the camera and Alex was looking at a girl who stood about five feet from him.
If I didn't want to do what he said I'd tell him so - and he would listen to my reasons.
A part of her might never forgive him for what he did... and that was a dark part of her personality that she didn't want him to see.
Alfonso assured him that it was no big deal - that Señor Medena would pay for it because he had lots of money.
Señor Medena would take care of him and see that he got to the hospital if he needed to go.
Sometimes the way Alex looked at him when he was talking - times when he was actually listening to him - it seemed to her that he felt that close bond.
It didn't take long for him to get home, and when he came in from the garage, he went directly to his gun cabinet and took out a rifle.
Tammy hurled herself across the room into his arms and started lavishing him with kisses and hugs that he returned with equal enthusiasm.
If he was going to start throwing things, she had no intention of staying there in the kitchen alone with him.
He slung the dishtowel over his shoulder and one long step brought him to a point where she was pinned in the corner of the counter.
He grabbed her shoulders, pulling her roughly against him and kissed her lips in a demanding way that roused more anger than anything else.
She waited for him to release her, but his lips moved across her cheek and down her neck with soft caressing kisses.
Anyway, hadn't Giddon said that he wouldn't let anything happen to her as long as she was close to him?
I keep telling him that as long as he gives her money, she'll never get out of trouble, but he just says she's the only sister he has and he has the money.
Yet, one backward glance at the hard lines of the face over hers reminded her that there was more than the gentle side to him.
She waited for him to get a little way down the path before she slipped from her hiding place and went to the door.
Glancing around to see if Yancey was gone, she spotted him disappearing around the bend, on his way to the house.
It suddenly occurred to me that he might make a delightful pet; so I seized him by the tail with both hands and carried him home.
One thought had been gnawing at her consciousness since the first time she suspected him of being involved in drugs.
Yancey moved away from the wall and reached for the phone, but she glared up at him, hugging the receiver to her chest.
