
Lydia Larkin was seated at a desk in the drab outer room, looking as pensive as Fred O'Connor back in his cell.
You can use decorations to make a small bathroom look bigger, a dark bathroom look brighter or a drab, older bathroom look modern and welcoming.
No matter how great a flattering cut or gorgeous color may be, without proper maintenance and trims, a fab style can quickly turn drab.
This technique means that colors appear grainy, so that even the blues and greens of the store workers ' uniforms are drab.
Life with a stagy lady is never dull, for she possesses the art of turning the drab into the fancy.
That being said, however, I also don't want to look like a plain-Jane that blends into the drab beige carpeting!
Although most neutrals are considered "safe"" for the majority, redheads should avoid drab tones to keep from appearing washed out and sickly.
In addition to drab hues, blue and pink pastel cosmetics can be tricky to pull off without distracting from your hair color.
The city had a tired, old look about it, especially in neigh­borhoods like the purported residence of J. Cleary. ne fifty-seven Bascomb Place was a drab old building in a drab old section of the city with a faded "For Rent" sign perma­nently fixed to the front.
Sure, you can't put furniture there, but sprucing up the drab space will go a long way to making the room feel more like a home away from home.
You can put it on your lids, use it as a highlight for cool toned eye shadow looks, or use it in the inner corner to brighten up your eyes and keep a smoky look from looking a little too heavy or drab.
If the other wedding decorations, flowers, and dresses have a bright, lively color palette, using a black and white cake may seem drab or out of place.
Holidays and other special occasions are the perfect time to pull out boys' holiday ties and dress up a drab wardrobe.
The six petal blossom with a multitude of bright yellow stamens is a pleasure to see amid the drab winter landscape of most gardens.
Halogen accent lights-Place these accent lights under your kitchen cabinets and transform your kitchen from a drab, boring area to an eye-catching room bathed in warmth.
Cargo shorts are typically a knee length short in a neutral color (such as khaki, olive drab or black) that have a large number of pockets.
The cold drab floor and barrels laid out in a row makes you think old world, yet the track lighting and ventilation systems is definitely new world.
The right hair color ideas can turn any drab 'do into a stunning style without needing a drastic cut or outrageous styling.
Blondes going brown often turn green or drab when the hair hasn't been filled properly, so avoid at-home coloring until your hair is predictable and the desired changes less drastic.
The outfits of the upper class or royalty were extremely detailed and elaborate, while the peasants wore very simple garb and drab colors.
If you keep the included protector case on at all times, these great colors are unfortunately hidden by the drab black.
The pants are an olive drab in color, long trousers with a high waist that are held up with a thick brown leather belt.
The skins that are not perfectly white are dyed jet black, dark or light smoke, violet-blue, blue-grey, and also in imitation of the drab shades of the natural blue.
Plus size clothing does not have to be drab or boring as evidenced by their past use of brightly colored printed or solid fabrics.
If you're also plus-sized, you may have tried to further diminish your body's proportions by wearing dark, drab colors or clothes too large for you.
For many years, the selection of reading glasses for men was very limited to just a few basic styles and a few drab colors.
The bark, very dark externally, is an excellent tanning substance; the inner layers form the quercitron of commerce, used by dyers for communicating to fabrics various tints of yellow, and, with iron salts, yielding a series of brown and drab hues; the colouring property depends on a crystalline principle called quercitrin, of which it should contain about %.
The female is drab, but shows the same white markings as the male, and the young males resemble the females until after the first autumn moult, when they gradually assume the plumage of their sex.
Subsequently the hard top hairs are taken out as in the case of otters and beavers and the whole thoroughly cleaned in the revolving drums. The close underwool, which is of a slightly wavy nature and mostly of a pale drab colour, is then dyed by repeated applications of a rich dark brown colour, one coat after another, each being allowed to thoroughly dry before the next is put on, till the effect is almost a lustrous black on the top. The whole is again put through the cleaning process and evenly reduced in thickness by revolving emery wheels, and eventually finished off in the palest buff colour.
Children reading this novel - or watching the Hollywood version - have often wondered why she was so eager to return to what was an admittedly drab life on the hardscrabble plains of the American Midwest.
