
Much satisfaction was shown in Europe at the fall of President Celman, for investors had suffered heavily by the way in which the resources of Argentina had been dissipated by that the uprising of public opinion against his financial methods signified a more honest conduct of the national affairs in the future.
In Argentina these burdens bear heavily upon the labouring classes, and in years of depression they send away by thousands immigrants unable to meet the high costs of living, For the year  the total expenditures of the national government,  provincial governments, and  principal cities, were estimated to have been $,, paper, which is equivalent to $,, gold, or (at $. per pound stg.) to £,,, ios.
If he appropriated or sold the implements, impoverished or sublet the cattle, he was heavily fined and in default of payment might be condemned to be torn to pieces by the cattle on the field.
When too heavily laden the camel refuses to rise, but on the march it is exceedingly patient under its burden, only yielding beneath it to die.
Land is not so heavily burdened by the government quota as by the additional centimes imposed by the provincial and communal authorities.
The worst governed part of the peninsula was the south, where feudalism lay heavily on the cultivators and corruption pervaded all ranks.
The existing system of taxation also presses heavily upon the provinces, as may be seen from the fact that the national, provincial and municipal exactions together amount to £ per head of population, while the total value of the exports in  was only L in round numbers.
While Cook was speculating on the cause of this phenomenon, and was in the act of ordering out the boats to take soundings, the " Endeavour " struck heavily, and fell over so much that the guns, spare cables, and other heavy gear had at once to be thrown overboard to lighten the ship. As day broke, attempts were made to float the vessel off with the morning tide; but these were unsuccessful.
And this result he achieved with men of less than two years' service, men, too, more heavily equipped and worse mounted than the veterans of the Grande Armee.
He also caused new rules to be enacted by which his Jewish subjects were heavily handicapped in education and professional advancement.
A clause provided that, within five days after the passing of the law, every senator should take an oath to observe it, under penalty of being expelled from the senate and heavily fined.
He had chosen and knew his ground, lying between St Ninians and the Bannock, a petty burn, yet sufficient to produce marshes dangerous to heavily armed horsemen, while from the rising ground on his right the enemy's advance was seen.
Apart from this advantage, placed in his hands by the imprudence of Stein, Napoleon was heavily handicapped at the Erfurt interview.
The town was so heavily taxed by the Hamdanid princes at Mosul that the Arab tribe of the Banu Habib, although blood relations of the Hamdanids, migrated into Byzantine territory, where they were well received, accepted Christianity, attracted other emigrants from Nisibis, and at last began to avenge themselves by yearly raids upon their old home.
If the test of the settlement were not frequently applied, speculators who were unfortunate would be tempted to plunge deeper until finally some became insolvent for large sums. As it is, the speculator who has incurred losses beyond his means tends to be discovered before his creditors are heavily involved.
They consented to ally themselves with the ruler of Damascus against the sultan of Egypt; but in the battle of Gaza they were deserted by their allies and heavily defeated by Bibars, the Egyptian general and future Mameluke sultan of Egypt.
Constant punitive measures were carried on by the military police; but in December  a police column proceeding to establish a post at Sima was heavily attacked, and simultaneously the town of Myitkyina was raided by Kachins.
The Amazon plain is heavily forested and has a slope of less than one inch to the mile within Brazilian territory - one competent authority placing it at about one-fifth of an inch per mile.
Its next advance brought it to the fortified position of Tashichiao, where Kuropatkin had, by drawing heavily upon his central reserve and even on the Eastern Detachment, massed about two army corps.
These pacts have hitherto been scrupulously observed, and as the local authorities levy the contribution after their own local customs, landed property and the industrial and commercial classes are less heavily taxed in these territories than in the rest of Spain.
Under these rulers the rich kingdom was heavily taxed to supply the sinews of war and to support every kind of lavish expenditure.
Mastiffs are powerful, heavily built dogs, with short muzzles, frequently protruding lower jaws, skulls raised above the eyes, ears erect or pendulous, pendulous upper lips, short coats and thin tails.
Reform of this system, and, further, very necessary reforms of the methods of collection of the wines and spirits revenue (which is protection turned upside down, the home-growers being far more heavily taxed than importers), and of the customs (in which almost every possible administrative sin was exemplified), were also undertaken.
Thanks to his having compelled his allies to fight his battles for him, he had not as yet drawn very heavily on the fighting resources of France, the actual percentage of men taken by the conscriptions during the years since  being actually lower than that in force in continental armies of to-day.
She was at first left undisturbed, but by degrees the ch‚teau itself became taboo, and her visitors found themselves punished heavily.
The first European visitors to the territory now embraced in the state of Minnesota found it divided between two powerful Indian tribes, the Ojibways or Chippewas, who occupied the heavily wooded northern portion and the region along the Mississippi river, and the Sioux or Dakotas, who made their homes on the more open rolling country in the south and west and in the valley of the Minnesota.
At daylight on the th of October  he crossed the Bidassoa in seven columns, and attacked the entire French position, which stretched in two heavily entrenched lines from north  Duque da Victoria, often incorrectly duke of Vitoria.
By Dec.  what had been regarded as a Russo-German danger was averted, the Russian volunteers on the left flank having suffered heavily from the English gunfire.
He retired into private life, heavily burdened with debts incurred during his tenure of office and narrowly escaping arrest even before he quitted Whitehall.
The La Plata basin is less heavily wooded, its surface more varied, and its Brazilian part stands at a much higher elevation.
The slopes of the plateau, which receive a better rainfall, are more heavily forested, some districts being covered with deciduous trees, forming catingas in local parlance.
Between Parahyba and southern Bahia forests and open plains are intermingled; thence southward the narrow coastal plain and bordering mountain slopes are heavily forested.
The so-called free government subject to the empire lasted for twenty-seven years; and the desired protection of Spain weighed more and more heavily until it became a tyranny.
A monarch so overburdened with cares was naturally always in need of money,' and thus obliged to lean heavily upon the support of the estates of the realm.
The cavalry consisted of the famous Hussars, or light horse, of which he may be said to have been the creator, and the heavily armed mounted musketeers on the Czech-German model.
When he was five years old his father died while assisting at the siege of Paris (on the th of July ); and his mother was left with five children and the estate heavily in debt.
Having been appointed to the command of the operations against Jugurtha, he at first carried on the campaign energetically, but soon, having been heavily bribed, concluded a disgraceful peace.
But the flank attack became entangled in mass in a loop of the river and suffered heavily, and two batteries that formed part of the frontal attack came into action within a few hundred yards of unsuspected Boer trenches, with the result that ten guns were lost, as well as in all some r roo men.
On the rd of March, after various raids and adventures in company with Smuts and Kemp, De la Rey, the lion of the western Transvaal, essayed an attack upon Lichtenburg, in which he was heavily repulsed.
London had to pay heavily towards his ransom; and, when the king made his triumphal entry into London after his release from imprisonment, a German nobleman is said to have remarked that had the emperor known of the wealth of England he would have insisted on a larger sum.
A considerable armada was got together, although its assembling took several weeks and although the Russians had as a matter of fact heavily defeated the Turks in Armenia (battle of Sarikamish) even before orders for the assembling were issued.
Stormy weather caused some delays in continuing the programme, but heavily armed vessels 'made their way a short distance up channel on several days early in March and engaged some of the enemy works that were sited about the Narrows.'
The defending side had also, no doubt, suffered heavily in casualties, especially on Sari Bair; but the Turkish commander-in-chief could fairly claim that, if some ground had been lost, he had held his own in a contest in which his adversary had enjoyed some notable advantages at the start.
Well concealed in skilfully constructed entrenchments that were excavated on terrain overlooking the invader's lines, the Turkish contingents holding the different fronts could fairly calculate upon beating off any hostile attack unless their adversaries should be heavily reinforced.
Subsequently it was discovered that this obligation pressed heavily upon the resources of the native state, and in  the pecuniary equivalent for Anjar, both prospectively and inclusive of the arrears which had accrued to that date, was wholly remitted by the British government.
The cost of the transformation of Vienna, which has been in progress since , cannot be said to have fallen heavily on the population.
By this time it is heavily laden with vapour, which it continues to bear along across the continent, depositing it and supplying the sources of the Amazon and La Plata.
At the time when it is hottest and driest on the coast it is raining heavily in the Andes, and the rivers are full.
During the administration (-) of President Pardo the government borrowed heavily from the banks to avoid the suspension of work on the railways and port improvements.
There are slight remains of a castle of the O'Donnells, earls of Tyrconnell, where the English, on attempting to besiege it, were defeated and lost heavily in their retreat across the river, in .
Yet it may be doubted whether the value attached in Japan to the abstract quality, truth, is as high as the value attached to it in England, or whether the consciousness of having told a falsehood weighs as heavily on the heart.
The manifold plate is then heavily punched from one side, so that the opposite face protrudes in broken blisters, which are then hammered down until each becomes a centre of wave propagation.
From one of the mineral springs comes a heavily charged water known in commerce as "Eau de Vals," and in great request in Smyrna.
While serving his time he had the misfortune accidentally to shoot a young man who came to visit him; and although through the intercession of his master he escaped prosecution, the untoward event weighed heavily on his mind, and led him at the close of his apprenticeship to quit his native place.
An attempt of the provincials to seize and hold a commanding hill in Charlestown brought on the battle of Bunker Hill (June  , ), in which the provincials were driven from the ground, although they lost much less heavily than the royal troops.
They are heavily built ruminants, with horns of nearly equal size in both sexes, short tapering tails, large hoofs, narrow goat-like upper molars, and usually small face-glands.
Thanks to the tariff of the United States the balance of trade with North America is heavily against New Zealand.
Throughout the th, night of th-th, and th of August, Kuroki advanced, fighting heavily all - along the line, until on the night of the th the Yang.
On the loth, covered by Kaulbars, who held off Nogi, and by strong rearguards at and east of Mukden, the movement continued, and though it was not executed with entire precision, and the rearguards suffered very heavily, the Russians managed to draw off in safety to the northward.
Proceeding to Christiansand in , Hauge set up a printingpress to disseminate his views more widely, but was almost immediately arrested for holding illegal religious meetings, and for insulting the regular clergy in his books, all of which were confiscated; he was also heavily fined.
Some of these timber bridges are said to have lasted ninety years with ordinary repairs, but they were road bridges not heavily loaded.
The three heavily dotted curves are curves of maximum moment under each of the loads, for the three loads passing over the bridge, at the given distances, from left to right.
With the exception of these sandy plains the country is heavily forested, even the mountain sides being covered with vegetation to their summits.
The inland valleys and slopes are very fertile and heavily forested, and much of the Brazilian export of rosewood and other cabinet woods is drawn from this state.
If the king led the ruszenie pospolite abroad he was obliged to pay so much per pike out of his own pocket, notwithstanding the fact that the heavily mortgaged crown lands were practically valueless.
In front of the Perches redoubts, the Bosmont, whence the Prussian engineers began their attack, is now heavily fortified with continuous lineslcalled the Organisation defensive de Bosmont.
At Fredericksburg his wing of Lee's line of battle was heavily engaged, and his last battle, before Chancellorsville, in the thickets of the Wilderness, was his greatest triumph.
The War of Independence left the state heavily burdened with debt and many of its citizens threatened with a debtor's prison.
Howe, heavily reinforced from home, sailed on the th from Halifax to New York and on the th of July encamped on Staten Island.
The miserable condition of his country, and his own very precarious situation, weighed heavily upon his sensitive soul, and he suffered severely both in mind and body.
In form the jaguar is thick-set; it does not stand high upon its legs; and in comparison with the leopard is heavily built; but its movements are very rapid, and it is fully as agile as its more graceful relative.
A great majority of all, of these elements except the British are settled in the states added to the original Unionthe Scandinavians- being the most typically agricultural element; while almost all the other nationalities are in excess, most of them heavily so, in the original states of , where they land, and where they are absorbed into the lower grades of the industrial organization.
The largest and most noteworthy are Burnet park (about  acres), on high land in the western part of the city, Lincoln park, occupying a heavily wooded ridge in the east, and Schiller, Kirk and Frazer parks.
The township, heavily wooded in parts, and with picturesque shores alternating between rocky headlands and sandy beaches, stretches for several miles along the coast between Beverly on the west and Gloucester on the east.
When it is conscientiously obtained, it is arrived at by handi capping, more or less heavily, intrinsic probability as compared with documental probability, or by raising the minimum of probability which shall qualify a reading for admission into the text until it is in agreement with the notions of the editor.
It rises gradually from the seaboard, is heavily wooded and is cleared for cultivation to a height of  ft.
On the decay of Kincardine, the original capital, Stonehaven became the county town in , and suffered heavily during the covenanting troubles, Montrose setting it on fire in .
The best instruments are now constructed for revenue purposes of silver, heavily gilded, because it was found that saccharic acid contained in some spirits attacked brass behind the gilding.
Finally, we have the marmots (Arctomys), which are larger and more heavily built rodents, with short ears, more or less short tails and rudimentary or no cheek-pouches.
The coastal zone and the north-west corner of the state belong to the Amazon valley region, being a heavily forested plain traversed by numerous rivers.
The old families had lost heavily from generation to generation, partly by personal extravagances, but also by gradual alienations of land to the Church and by the enormous expenses of the crusades.
Before winter, all tall grass and loose litter should be taken away; if this is not done, then the first snow should be tramped heavily around the plants, in order to destroy any nesting-places.
For a time he was not unhappy, but the debts which he had contracted in Hamburg weighed heavily on him, and he missed the society of his friends; his health, too, which had hitherto been excellent, gradually gave way.
The Dutch took an active part in the campaign of  and suffered heavily at Fontenoy, after which battle Marshal Saxe overran the Austrian Netherlands.
Where the skins are heavily dyed it is comparatively easy to see the difference between a natural and a dyed colour, as the underwool and top hair become almost alike and the leather is also dark, whereas in natural skins the base of the underwool is much paler than the top, or of a different colour, and the leather is white unless finished in a pale reddish tone as is sometimes the case when mahogany sawdust is used in the final cleaning.
Another source of revenue was afforded by Ismail Pasha, the khedive of Egypt, who paid heavily in bakshish for the firman of , by which the succession to the khedivate was made hereditary from father to son in direct line and in order of primogeniture, as well as for the subsequent firmans of ,  and  extending the khedive's prerogatives.
The best taxes, he says, are those levied on consumption, especially on Taxation luxuries, for these are least heavily felt.
The streets of Winchester are heavily shaded, the view as presented from the neighbouring hills being that of a continuous forest stretching from the beautiful Mystic Valley parkway (of the Metropolitan park system), of which more than one-half (. acres) is in the southern part of the township, to the Middlesex Fells Reservation (another Metropolitan park), of which . acres are in the eastern part; and there are a large public playground and a common.
Among those more immediately connected with the government his fall was accompanied by a feeling of relief which was not confined to the Opposition, for the burden of his Chane.Irule had pressed heavily upon all.
Callicratidas, an honourable man of pan-Hellenic patriotism, was heavily handicapped in the fact that Cyrus declined to afford him the help which had made Lysander powerful, and had recourse to the Milesians and Chians, with whose aid he fitted out a fleet of  triremes (only  Spartan).
He took occasion to abolish a variety of vexatious imposts, and the new budget fell less heavily on the Christians than the old.
The square was again heavily attacked, but the Arabs could not get to close quarters and in the evening a bivouac was formed on the Nile.
The Danish treasury receives nothing from these possessions; on the contrary, Iceland receives an annual grant, and the West Indian islands have been heavily subsidized by the Danish finances to assist the sugar industry.
They weighed especially heavily on the so-called Ugedasmaend, who were forced to work two or three days a week in the demesne lands.
Thus it is pointed out that Cook's estimate of , for the Society Archipelago (Tahiti) was at the time reduced by his associate, Forster, to ,, so that the , credited by him to the Sandwich Islands should also be heavily discounted.
The strict military discipline of the school lay heavily on Schiller, and intensified the spirit of rebellion, which, nurtured on Rousseau and the writers of the Sturm and Drang, burst out in the young poet's first tragedy; but such a school-life had for a poet of Schiller's temperament advantages which he might not have known had he followed his own inclinations; and it afforded him glimpses of court life invaluable for his later work as a dramatist.
It may be objected that candidates are heavily handicapped by nervousness in oral examinations, but this objection does not afford sufficient ground for rejecting the test, provided that it is supplemented by others.
In  hostility between Holland and England ceased, but the position was radically unsatisfactory owing to the prevalence of piracy, from which both England and other nations suffered heavily.
The carved totem posts of the Haida, standing in front of the heavily framed houses, or at a little distance from them, represent the coats of arms of the respective families of the tribes and generally exhibit designs treated in a bold and original manner, highly conventionalized but always recognizable in their purport by any one familiar with the distinctive marks of the animal forms portrayed.
It appears to consist of an old story which has been heavily revised to form an edifying piece of exposition.
In  Marshal Valee approached the town by the connecting western isthmus, and succeeded in taking it by assault, though again the French lost heavily.
The rainfall is abundant, and the soil of the heavily wooded valleys and lower mountain slopes is exceptionally fertile and productive.
The French occupation in  and the resulting restriction of trade weighed for a while heavily upon the new industry; but with the termination of the war and the re-establishment of Prussian rule the old prosperity returned.
Sometimes severely handled by the British, sometimes escaping only by the narrowest margin of safety from the columns which attempted to surround him, and falling upon and annihilating isolated British posts, De Wet continued to the end of the war his successful career, striking heavily where he could do so and skilfully evading every attempt to bring him to bay.
The Italian right was so far not heavily attacked, and demonstrative attacks by the Austrians in the Val Sugana were readily repulsed.
The northern groups and the Diamond Mountain are heavily timbered, but the hills are covered mainly with coarse, sour grass, oak and chestnut scrub.
The tradition of the old world was too heavily weighted with the Ptolemaic astronomy and the like to be regarded as other than a bar to progress.
His civil reforms include the abolition of the system of prepaying taxes which had weighed heavily upon the wealthier proprietors, the elevation of the serfs into a class of free tenants, the remodelling of family and of maritime law.
He saw service in West Virginia, at South Mountain, where this regiment lost heavily, and at Antietam, where he brought up hot coffee and provisions to the fighting line; for this he was promoted second lieutenant on the th of September .
The people of the country are by no means heavily taxed, a large number of the natives of the interior escaping all payment of dues to the company, the revenue being for the most part contributed by the more civilized members of the community residing in the neighbourhood of the company's stations.
He was especially anxious as the units which had suffered heavily during the last offensive were but newly filled with fresh drafts, and he had found reason before to fear the influence of some of the men fresh from the depots.
The rest of the regiment had seen and heard nothing in the mist (they were being heavily shelled), and the VII.
They were heavily outnumbered, but they held strong positions which should have enabled them to delay the enemy advance until the reserves could come into play.
For it was now known in Cividale and Udine that the behaviour of some of the troops had been very unsatisfactory, that men of some units had been quick to surrender, while others had retreated before they were heavily attacked.
When they had taken up their positions in the Meletta - Badenecche salient, Conrad's attacks were renewed, and for  days the fight continued, but brought no success to the Austrians, who lost heavily.
In the morning Krauss's troops, the Bosnians and the German Jager, who had both been heavily punished already, made a great effort to break through.
At the close of the Pindari War in  the whole country that is now under the Central India agency was in great confusion and disorder, having suffered heavily from the extortions of the Mahratta armies and from predatory bands.
It was also particularly stated that all legal procedure must henceforth be conducted in the English tongue, an arrangement which fell very heavily on poor monoglot Welshmen and appears an especially harsh and ungracious enactment when coming from a sovereign who was himself a genuine Welshman by birth.
Later in the same year William Wickenden of Providence evangelized and administered the ordinances at Flushing, but was heavily fined and banished.
Thus these ores, as heavily charged with sulphur as those of the Rio Tinto, are speedily reduced by three operations and without roasting, with a saving of .% of the copper, .% of the silver and .% of the gold.
Von Sybel, in his Geschichte des ersten Kreuzzuges, suggests that in the camp of the pauperes (which existed side by side with that of the knights, and grew increasingly large as the crusade told more and more heavily in its progress on the purses of the crusaders) some idolization of Peter the Hermit had already begun, during the first crusade, parallel to the similar glorification of Godfrey by the Lorrainers.
In connexion with this institution we now hear of a heavily armed cavalry as the kernel of the national army.
In the civil wars of the st century B.C. the Ephesians twice supported the unsuccessful party, giving shelter to, or being made use of by, first, Brutus and Cassius, and afterwards Antony, for which partisanship or weakness they paid very heavily in fines.
This influx was looked upon with disfavour by Kruger and his supporters, and, while the new corners were heavily taxed, steps were speedily taken to revise the franchise laws so that the immigrants should have little chance of becoming burghers of the republic. This exclusion the tilt' policy was even applied to immigrants from the le nders.
The less any one man could do to interfere in the government, or even to safeguard his own life and property, the more heavily the common fate pressed upon all, levelling the ordinary distinctions of class.
The climatic conditions are highly favourable for this product in eastern Bolivia, but it is heavily taxed and is restricted to a small home market.
His business management of these schools got him heavily into debt, and in the autumn of  a charge of lax administration came before a court of bishops, who dismissed it.
Left an orphan at eighteen, with an estate heavily encumbered, he was by special decree of the grand duke of Tuscany declared of age.
The state itself then became engaged in a struggle with the railways in order to secure from them their full portion of taxes, as the property of individuals was then taxed many times as heavily as that of railways.
The middle of the government is also hilly ( -  ft.), and is heavily timbered, chiefly with beech, oak and mountain-ash, and, though to a smaller extent, with birch.
After  Hall bore more than his fair share of the odium and condemnation which weighed so heavily upon the national Liberal party, making no attempt to repudiate responsibility and refraining altogether from attacking patently unscrupulous opponents.
They have heavily fringed necks and tufted tails; the bucks carry long sublyrate and heavily ringed horns, but the does are horn- - - less.
The place, which was formerly called Rehme, owes its development to the discovery in  of its five famous salt springs, which are heavily charged with carbonic acid gas.
Ali and Ubie, these two princes combined against him, but were heavily defeated by him at Gorgora (on the southern shore of Lake Tsana) in .
Although reinforced by Walad Michael, who had now quarrelled with John, the Egyptians were a second time (th March ) heavily beaten by the Abyssinians, and retired, losing an enormous quantity of both men and rifles.
At Koatit and Senafe (th to th January ) Mangasha was met and heavily defeated by Baratieri, who occupied Adrigat in March.
It was heavily subsidized in the Bourbon times, but now, except for giving the house, which is the property of the municipality, no assistance is granted from the public funds.
By the addition of a new pier running north-east from the lighthouse, and protected by a heavily armed battery, Charles III.
One of the special objects of their hatred, the Jews, were also mulcted heavily by Philip, who extorted , livres from those of Paris alone.
In a state of backward agriculture and natural economy it will sometimes be more profitable for the conquerors as well as for the conquered to leave the dependent population in their own households and on their own plots, at the same time taxing them heavily in the way of tribute and services.
In the south and toward the great lower basin of the Amazon, where the rainfall is continuous throughout the year, the plains are heavily forested.
In   the heavily taxed burghers of the frontier districts, who were afforded no protection against the Kaffirs, expelled the officials of the East India Company, and set up independent governments at Swellendam and Graaff Reinet.
From the coast to the eastern base of the Cascade Mountains the state is heavily timbered, except in small prairies and clearings in the Willamette and other valleys, and the most important tree is the great Douglas fir, pine or spruce (Pseudotsuga Douglasii), commonly called Oregon pine, which sometimes grows to a height of  ft., and which was formerly in great demand for masts and spars of sailing-vessels and for bridge timbers; the Douglas fir grows more commercial timber to the acre than any other American variety, and constitutes about five-sevenths of the total stand of the state.
In the most heavily wooded region along the Pacific coast and the lower course of the Columbia river are forests of the Douglas fir with stands of , ft.
Up to this time the initiative and the bulk of outrages lay assuredly heavily on the pro-slavery side; hereafter they became increasingly common and more evenly divided.
The Orleariist party was shaken in its power; the rival Burgundian faction became more inclined to commit ilself to the English cause, and the terror of the English arms weighed heavily upon both.
It fell heavily upon the baronage and their retainers, but passed lightly, for the most part, over the heads of the middle classes.
The northern summits are destitute of trees, but the lower slopes of the Upper Harz are heavily wooded with pines and firs.
During a large part of the year, and more especially in spring, the atmosphere is heavily charged with sand, and blinding sandstorms (burans) are of frequent occurrence.
The province is heavily forested, and is estimated to be one of the richest of the protectorate in natural products.
Towards the end of  the Austrians, having been heavily reinforced, reoccupied all the Venetian mainland; but the citizens, hard-pressed and threatened with a siege, showed the greatest devotion to the cause of freedom, all sharing in the dangers and hardships and all giving what they could afford to the state treasury.
As stated in the French senate (February ), everything is taxed in the island; and no sooner has any enterprise become fairly successful than it is so heavily taxed as to be no longer worth carrying on, and certain crops have therefore been destroyed by the colonists who had planted them.
The Loomis Institute (incorporated  and ig) for the gratuitous education of persons between  and  years of age has been heavily endowed by gifts of the Loomis family.
Reinforcements were tardily sent out; and in a second attack by the Arabs the Spanisi forces lost heavily, and their commander, General Margallo was killed.
In all the Australasian species the egg is large and heavily charged with foodyolk, and is surrounded by a tough membrane.
However, the NO boosting power of this specific amino acid is heavily dependent upon the bonded ratio of L-Arginine to AKG.
Winning a combat round with a relative degree of + means you probably hit where the opponent is most heavily armored.
T-shirts printed with the words " Music & Love " were worn with heavily studded black belts and short full skirts with net petticoats.
When the band returned to the UK their reputation had grown to the point where many of their concerts here too were heavily bootlegged.
Crochet knits feature heavily in this years ' Autumn/Winter catwalk trends, so stay ahead of the game with a vintage original.
The Helene had resourcefully popped out and bought some foul smelling, heavily chlorinated gloop which claimed to unblock even the most troublesome sinks.
The musical style of the band leans heavily on the jazz classics & swing but with many entirely original variations and arrangements.
The support battalion commander relies heavily on the brigade rear CP for passing information on terrain analysis from the brigade main CP.
The first image shows a heavily cratered highland terrain with very long shadows cast by cratered highland terrain with very long shadows cast by crater rims.
A military curfew was imposed on the area for a period of  hours with movement of people heavily restricted.
The team monitored the exchange of genes in three small, remnant groups of ash in the heavily deforested Carrifran valley near Moffat.
The analysis of social deictics, in contrast, heavily draws on Japanese data and only provides supplementary analyzes of English examples.
From the s or s onwards, moral tales and heavily didactic texts had exerted an almost hegemonic domination of children's books.
The layout had some big jumps and heavily rutted sections courtesy of rain on Friday and intense downpours Sunday morning.
This can be unpicked, although thieves are unlikely to bother if it is heavily embroidered Hot irons to brand leather with your postcodes.
This occurs above the weak shoulder, below which the vessel is heavily encrusted with a thick deposit which obscures much of the surface.
The course was a heavily carved out piece of mechanical engineering, worthy of Isambard Brunel or whatever his name was?
The race saw many fallers in the pouring rain, and it continued to rain so heavily that Race  was canceled.
This relied heavily on a superiority complex of militarism and jingoistic flag-waving, the ignorant non-sense that British is best in the world.
He was heavily involved in the planning and execution of the crossing and provided  ships for the invasion fleet.
The town names were changed in  - but in  the schools were closed, church services were heavily frowned upon.
Harrison's aging hero also seems ill-suited to tackling heavily-armed henchmen and relies a little too heavily on past movie characterisations.
The service would apparently compete most heavily with three wireless carriers rather than with wired incumbents because of the mobile voice potential.
In , nearly half of about two million acres of Bt cotton planted in the United States became heavily infested.
Increased grazing intensity is believed to have reduced the frequency of many of the characteristic herbaceous plants and removed them from heavily grazed sites.
Even on her big day, her fresh face couldn't be farther from the heavily made-up cover girls of bridal magazines.
They bought the mahogany from the Brazilian logging company Juary, which has been heavily involved in illegal logging in the Amazon.
The left side of the beat paid heavily due to the tidal situation and a left hand shift coming into the windward mark.
It relies heavily on the use of symbolic representations and deduction to apply quantum mechanics to a variety of situations.
He was diagnosed as suicidal, and suffered from ulcers, depression, insomnia and constant headaches, for which he was heavily medicated.
The vocal melody comes in with a tune that leans heavily King Crimson's ' In the Court of the Crimson King ' .
The New Labor government has reneged on its anti-vivisectionist vote-catching rhetoric because they are so heavily indebted to and entrenched with the pharmaceutical multinationals.
Take a sheet of thin layout or typing paper and with b pencil heavily shade an area large enough to cover your whole sketch.
The nominal TiO in the X-ray photoelectron spectrum (XPS) upon which they rely heavily has almost certainly suffered surface oxidation.
Without an effective preventive worming program pasture is likely to become heavily contaminated with potentially dangerous levels of Infective larvae.
Business relies heavily on inductive reasoning, which assumes a uniformity of nature, such that the future is assumed to resemble the past.
The UK is heavily reliant on our trading partners coming out of recession, of which there is no clear sign to date.
Brazil√¢s Workers Party government has been tainted by corruption allegations, and has heavily repressed movements like the Sem Terra, of landless peasants.
Thus skeletal elements which have been transported distances along river beds or streams will appear similar to those from heavily reworked deposits.
What I can say tho, is that with its heavily treated drums and obtuse white funk rhythms this album sounds hopelessly dated.
New York was heavily glaciated in the ice age leaving much of the state with deep, fertile, tho somewhat rocky soils.
This analysis draws heavily on complex semantic types, of the kind that have been used recently in work on lexical semantics.
Baldrick is another dim yet loyal sidekick who inexplicably puts up with a lot of abuse from a heavily sadistic employer.
I caught the eyes of a heavily tattooed skinhead, a painted Tricolor segmenting his face, and I felt an unlikely bond.
The site had a clay subgrade and demonstrated considerable problems on the heavily loaded up-line, which carried steel freight trains from South Wales.
Merkel argues she wants a broad mix that includes solar and wind energy, two renewable sources the past government heavily subsidized.
As the only officer in town, he had little choice but to negotiate the surrender of the garrison of heavily armed SS troops.
The time constants and relative weightings yielded temporal window functions that heavily emphasize information occurring within the very temporal center of the window.
Grease was a surprise, but fitted into the s retro trend that was being so heavily touted earlier in the year.
This leaves us with a fragmented and heavily truncated perspective on the Neolithic and Bronze Age phases of the site.
There is another sturgeon being kept in captivity in a pond by a heavily bearded and formally unqualified naturalist living near Loch Ness.
Here are extracts from their Journal and from Musical Opinion of that year, heavily pruned of much verbiage of the period.
We were the ' moral white knights ' riding in to sort out problems but being heavily selective about what we handled and when.
To the west of the zone is a heavily wooded area that provides some cover to allow you to attack the base.
The early settlement of heavily timbered country was characterized by wanton destruction of vast quantities of magnificent timber; but this waste is a thing of the past, and under the pressure of a demand for sound timber both for local use and for exportation, the various governments are doing much to conserve the state forests.
The law, however, enabled provinces most heavily burdened by land tax to accelerate their portion of the survey, and to profit by the reassessment of the tax on the new basis.
The Italian provinces were the most heavily taxed in the whole empire, and much of the money thus levied was spent either for the benefit of other provinces or to pay for the huge army of occupation and the fortresses in Ausfrian Italy.
From equation () it is clear that the wheels of the driving-axle must be heavily loaded in order that F may have a value sufficiently great to propel the train.
The parish church of St Hilda, standing on an eminence above the sea, is late Norman and Early English, with a massive tower, heavily buttressed.
She was at first left undisturbed, but by degrees the ch√¢teau itself became taboo, and her visitors found themselves punished heavily.
Of the Suchiate and Hondo, which form part of Mexico's southern boundary, the first is a short, impetuous mountain torrent flowing into the Pacific, and the other a sluggish lowland stream rising in north-eastern Guatemala and flowing north-east through a heavily forested region to Chetumal Bay.
His principal expedition brought about the skirmish of the th of April  (see Lexington), in which a detachment sent to seize some military stores collected at Concord suffered heavily at Lexington, Concord and other places, at the hands of the surrounding militia.
On the th of June  occurred the battle of Bunker Hill, in which, although victorious, the British suffered heavily, losing one-third of their force in storm ing the hastily constructed lines of the "rebels."
Phosphate rock is heavily exported, and in the opinion of the National Conservation Commission of  the supply cannot long satisfy the increasing demand for export, which constitutes a waste of a precious natural resource.
They appear to owe their position to the latest redactor (akin to the latest stratum in the Hexateuch) who has heavily worked over xix.- xxi., and put the book into its present form by the addition of i.-ii.
None the less, till Marathon the Persians were successful in discomfiting every enemy before he could close, whether that enemy consisted of similarly accoutred bowmen (as the Medes), of cavalry armed with the lance (as the Lydians), or of heavily armoured warriors (as the Babylonians, Egyptians and Greeks).
The church which rose from the ashes was built from locally quarried magnesium limestone and heavily restored in the nineteenth century.
As the song progresses the washed out repetitive organ riff is augmented by heavily delayed and sporadically panned lead guitar.
At pm it was raining heavily and we all huddled together like a rugby scrum, heads to the center to try and sleep.
On one side of the ledger was a huge mass of circumstantial evidence very heavily weighted against the scoutmaster 's story being true.
Several landed heavily on the boardwalk and remained on view for a short while before scurrying away to their nearby burrows.
Petter Solberg (Subaru) held fifth, a remarkable position considering the Norwegian crashed heavily in the final shakedown test yesterday morning.
Agriculture - an end to dumping of surpluses by heavily subsidized farmers from the North and recognition of the need for food security.
Of a morose and taciturn character he is said to have been drinking heavily the week prior to the awful tragedy.
The kiln was possible involved in the production of both pots and tile and was found to be heavily truncated by later medieval activity.
These cells appear to depend heavily on an internal system of cross-linked proteins, called the tubulin cytoskeleton, to maintain their shape.
Double glazed Georgian bar window to side, vanity basin set in unit, heavily beamed ceilings, open beams to the side.
Lastly, look for pajamas that have tags or a piece of fabric that isn't heavily patterned, so you can label all clothing with your child's name.
Your baby checklist of needs will likely feature some standard items, but this checklist is also a heavily individualized venture.
Can you adjust the water temperature and the spinning speed to wash delicate clothing gently and heavily soiled clothing vigorously?
The Super Shaker is a hockey puck-sized device that can be placed under the pillow; it vibrates heavily in case the lights and sound aren't enough.
Members receive discount coupons for additional price reductions over and above the already heavily discounted prices and are the first to know about special sales and other events.
Some people object to heavily scented litters, so it is nice that Arm and Hammer packages their cat litter products in both scented and unscented versions.
If your cat's food is heavily plant-based, there is a risk that it may be deficient in this essential nutrient if the product is not fortified with it.
Most of these players will own more than one character, which means that throughout the game's community there will be millions of names, many of which strive heavily to be unique.

The word usage examples above have been gathered from various sources to reflect current and historical usage. They do not represent the opinions of YourDictionary.com.
