
A cast of seven skittered about with great energy, the women looking rather glamorous in chic costumes from Neil Cunningham.
Dipping their toes into something more glamorous, the sisters developed a naked trapeze act that soon became the circus 's star attraction.
The Cosmo gained a huge following in the s due to the popular TV show Sex and the City on which the glamorous stars ordered it regularly.
From magazine covers touting glamorous young starlets to reality television programs searching for the perfect model, the entertainment world plays a strong role in keeping young women interested in beauty and fashion.
In line with the s glamorous look she told us about, grey and olive green shadow are currently reigning supreme on the runways along with the matte skin and bold lips.
While not exactly the deep thinking and glamorous front page work I was intending on spending my time doing after receiving my education, I have to admit writing about girly things all day long was kind of fun.
False eyelashes, eyebrow stencils and eyelash glitter are just some of the fun products you can play with to create a unique and glamorous look.
Eye makeup application is an art form, as anyone with a knack for creating a glamorous look can attest to.
Cargo is one of the beauty industry's leading names, and the lineup is as glamorous and stylish as the company's other well-reputed products.
For the gal who wants to capture the beauty of a Hollywood starlet, a sexy and glamorous palette is a necessity.
A cake mascara is a glamorous and feminine product that is easier to apply and build upon than wand varieties, yet they offer softer and richer lash definition.
They may not sound very worthy of a glamorous evening out, but these scents pass muster because they blend light, fresh notes with others to create something energetic, bright and uplifting.
Much of the reason for this lies in the fact that the smoky eye is perfect for evenings when a glamorous look is called for, and reaching for the color black has grown tiresome.
After all, the last thing I ever want to do is look more like a glowing clown than a glamorous ingénue, but because this product promises a more natural look, I decided to try it.
Choose a dramatic bridal look if you normally wear a full face of makeup every day and want to look especially glamorous on your wedding day.
The term pre-teen is used to describe those between the ages of  and , where the world still views them as a child while their eyes are set solely on the seemingly glamorous world of the teenager.
Glamorous extras include long black opera gloves, pearls, socialite bracelets, the perfect little evening bag and a stole to keep you warm.
It may look glamorous, but it requires long hours in clothes you may not enjoy wearing and shoes that may not fit.
The most important point of the Gucci fashion search is that no matter your budget, it is possible to look glamorous.
From magazine advertisements and television commercials, to books and movies that make the life of a teenage model seem glamorous and fun.
Life as a model can be a glamorous, fashionable, and exciting, with job offers and casting calls that involve exotic clothing, styles, and locations.
Featured in bridal magazines each month, Mori Lee continues to reach the mainstream public without ever compromising their glamorous style and upstanding business ethics.
This will keep the formality consistent throughout the wedding party and give your best friends a chance to feel gorgeously glamorous at the same time.
Are you more in line with dramatic, glamorous looks that would turn heads on a red carpet, or is your taste more casual and relaxed?
While this was not the most glamorous profession, it at least offered Hill some exposure to the world of country music.
However, her glamorous lifestyle has not kept her from being what she loves most -- a mom, actress and goodwill ambassador.
With her glamorous stage presence and the constant need for new wardrobe, hair, and makeup looks, kids can have a lot of fun giving her different outfits and styles.
Many of the rich and famous celebs you see in movies, on television and on glossy magazine covers weren't always the glamorous and beautiful people you see today.
The glamorous dancer, actress, and singer hit the height of her popularity in the s and s, but her life has taken some dramatic turns since then.
While smoking used to be considered glamorous, these days celebs sometimes hide the fact that they smoke in order to avoid the negative publicity.
They may grace the covers of internationally-renowned magazines and fly their own private jets, but some of the most glamorous specimens of Hollywood have quirks and obsessions that rival the strangest of them all.
I play Charlotte, an albino koala bear, who desperately wants to leave her home and head for Hollywood to become a makeup artist, or to find any kind of glamorous Hollywood job assisting the stars.
Not only is the bag fashionable, with its glamorous pink print, it's also functional, with its double straps that make it easy to carry.
These pictures will, no doubt, serve as happy memories of a trip of a lifetime on the world's most glamorous ship.
These dogs have glamorous, long coats, beautiful, big dark eyes that convey a soft, sweet expression, and very loving and devoted personalities.
Long earrings are very glamorous, however they can also be very heavy therefore picking earrings that are not going to be uncomfortable after a long period of wear is important.
Whether it is solid gold or gold plate, the jewelry will give a touch of class and create a glamorous image that will be remembered for many years to come.
When you go on your travels you want to ensure that your jewelry arrives with you in tip top condition so when you are ready to wear it, it looks perfect and you look glamorous.
There is something very glamorous about a pair of high heel shoes, whether this is a pair of strappy sandals or a vampish pair of high heal boots.
Whether you are looking to wear the earrings with jeans and a t-shirt or with a glamorous little black dress, these distinctive pieces of jewelry will make you feel like a million dollars.
Damask is a popular choice for tablecloths and other tableware because of the glamorous, formal look that it gives to the table.
This black lace evening dress by Lucia has a glamorous vintage style with asymmetric draping, an asymmetric flounce hemline and a lovely hand beaded design.
Featuring an A-line skirt with a mid-thigh slit, this glamorous black evening dress by Ferrera has a v-notched bodice, a halter neckline and a peaked empire waist.
If you want to bring some excitement into a stale relationship or just feel glamorous for yourself, then ditch the cotton nightshirt and slip into something lacy, see through, naughty…or all of the above!
Whether your style is sleek and sophisticated, glamorous and sexy or sweet and flirty, there is sure to be a special occasion dress that will make you look and feel as memorable as the night itself.
Whether you're shopping for a glamorous evening dress for that special occasion or a comfortable robe to keep you cozy during a chilly winter, you'll probably find it here.
From sensuous satin to glamorous nylon/spandex and comfortable cotton to luscious lace, there is a wide assortment of pretty plus size demi bras for full figured women to make them feel feminine, stylish and sexy.
Whether you're looking for comfortable workout apparel, a glamorous evening dress, a practical pair of shoes or the perfect sundress for a hazy day, you'll find it all here.
A special occasion may call for it - or a woman may simply want to wear something a touch more glamorous than usual under her clothes!
There are a number of little details that designers may incorporate into their dresses to set them apart from more glamorous interpretations.
A sleek sheath-style is generally much more glamorous than relaxed, but a swingy shift, an empire waist or an A-line cut with a full skirt is easy and playful.
For instance, add a touch of elegance to flannel pajamas with glamorous faux fur-trimmed mules or go for uber warmth and comfort with genuine Uggs Coquette slippers.
These extra curvaceous women look so glamorous because they know how to accent their best features while camouflaging their worst ones.
When you think of Dior, think of classic beauties; this is a designer who'd make Jackie O, Audrey Hepburn and other quietly glamorous girls proud.
Several styles include glamorous elements, such as engraved flowers, silver or gold stars on the temple, and multi-toned frames with gold accents -- stripes, bands, or lines.
No matter the look you choose, be it light and sporty, or bold and glamorous, you'll love the stylish results!
Fashionable women who want a modern look that is both feminine and glamorous will love the frames in the Iris line.
Desperate Housewives star Eva's look is polished and glamorous, whether she wears her dark hair loose around her face or swept up in one of character Gabrielle's 's-style updos.
If you do decide to go for a glamorous celebrity look, take several photographs of the proposed style to the salon to give the stylist a visual to work with.
Young women with curly hair may opt to straighten their locks for prom, whereas someone with straight hair may feel glamorous by adding waves or curls.
All depilatory creams have different performance results, but the fact of the matter is that Enleve products were not as glamorous as touted in the repetitive infomercials.
It is also the city where the glamorous people of the fashion and modeling industry come out at night to display their talent.
You don't have to be a celebrity with a personal stylist at your beck and call to achieve a look that's as glamorous and becoming as Tinseltown's biggest names.
Chic and sporty, yet somehow elegant and glamorous at the same time, her simple style turned heads on the red carpet.
These are only the basic ideas for wedding styles; many brides can find glamorous ways to turn their regular style into a stunning bridal look with clever hair accessories.
As glamorous and timeless as sleek hair is, there's room on the styling agenda for vibrant waves and curls, too.
That's because of their ability to create cascading, glamorous curls, as seen on the likes of Beyonce and Angelina Jolie.
We're still letting the dust settle on last year's trends, but this year is already shaping up to be a glamorous year for hair.
Sedu celebrity hair styles are coveted far and wide, and it's easy to achieve many of their glamorous styles with a little help from this tool!
A well chosen color can be fitting and glamorous, but a poor color choice can be sickly and unattractive - knowing how to choose a dye color can help you find the best shade for you.
Although each Idol season seems to have its share of controversies, often involving Abdul in some way or another, it's safe to say that her hair is one thing that remains unquestionably glamorous.
Reminiscent of understated, glamorous looks of the 's, soft curls have a way of updating even the most staid hairstyles.
Then, back comb your hair at the roots to boost volume - this is an unusual maneuver but will amp up your hair and give your twist the height it needs to look its most glamorous.
Especially popular in England, the new bobbed hair had the same appeal to fashionable young women as it had their grandmothers in the s - it was practical and easy to care for, as well as lively, fun, and glamorous.
Whether that be the flappers of the roaring s or the screen sirens in the s who were inspired by Vidal Sassoon's glamorous cut, the bob has always been, and will always be, fashionable and chic.
Frederic Fekkai is a well-known force in the hair and beauty industry, and you're sure to find stunning products to help you look glamorous and stylish from his line.
You can also dye all your hair a slightly lighter shade, or choose to go for the glamorous with stunning blonde hair.
Sedu short hair styles are both a popular and chic choice for those seeking a glamorous and well groomed hairstyle.
With plenty of gorgeous celebrities such as Angelina Jolie, Julia Roberts and Gwenyth Paltrow sharing your thick hair trait, you're in glamorous company to enjoy the best haircut for thick hair you can find!
So, if you are feeling bold and funky one week, and would like to quickly opt for a long, flowing glamorous style the next, you will be out of luck unless you plan on adding a weave or extensions.
Available in many styles and designs, floral hair pieces can be the perfect finishing touch for any bride's glamorous day.
A smooth, polished pony worn at the nape of the neck or pulled slightly to the side is a glamorous, yet simply elegant style that won't take away attention from the bride.
What you'll find there may not be the most glamorous job you've ever dreamed of, but the people are nice, the land is beautiful, and the economy has been experiencing a bit of growth in the past few years.
Nepal jobs aren't likely to be glamorous or easy to come by, since more than  million of the country's people live in poverty.
Just as the name suggests, you can wear this glamorous maternity dress at least  different ways including halter neck, baby doll, one shoulder, cap sleeve, cowl neck, and more.
When did the tide shift from maternity wear that was rather dull to a more modern, fun, even glamorous, approach?
The glamorous interior is only the beginning, as the hotel also features a steakhouse that has garnered a reputation as one of the best on the West coast.
In the past few years the one-piece suit has been making a comeback, and thanks to new cut-out and figure flattering styles, it's had a very glamorous comeback indeed.
The line has taken the world by storm, inspiring a new brand of street style and infusing edge into glamorous runway shows.
Perfect for swimming or just lounging on the beach looking glamorous, especially if you match it with the red-and-white striped top.
The asking price here is $., but this suit is so glamorous, you may just be willing to splurge for it!
Although one pieces are touted as "slimming", anyone with a short torso and a bulging waistline will appear more like an apple mounted on stilts rather than a glamorous swimsuit model.
Olympic swimmer turned actress Esther Williams put a glamorous spin on swim caps in her many movie musicals, inciting a fashion trend in swimwear that raged on through the 's, 's, and 's.
To put it quite simply, these suits are gorgeous, with a glamorous attention to detail and embellishment that is hard to match in other designer swimsuit collections.
The Mesh Strapless One Piece is a very glamorous style that features mesh around the waistline and exceedingly slim halter shoulder straps.
In the s and s, young girls enjoyed playing with fashion paper dolls, dressing the older dolls in glamorous wardrobes.
Metallic gold fabrics allow you to create glamorous and striking runway fashions on the pink dress form that is included, along with fabrics in pink and red hues.
Often described as glamorous, dignified and timeless, this first lady was a major style influence of 's fashion with her elegant dress.
If you want to appear truly glamorous, wear a high-end name and save money, you may have your work cut out for you - but it's possible.
When it comes to glamorous evenings out, Victoria often turns to a dizzying array of bustier-styled tops, the occasional leather strap adornment and even plumes of feathers, to keep her on the cutting edge of fashion.
The jumpsuit became a bit of a glamorous thing during the late s, when actress Katharine Hepburn stepped onto screens nationwide in the film Stage Door wearing a monogrammed, silk jumpsuit.
Did you know that you can own a replica of a glamorous dress seen on the red carpet for a fraction of the cost of the original?
Everything from the most basic tops to the most eye-catching evening gowns can benefit from the addition of a glamorous topper.
Whether you're dressing down or going a little glamorous, you can make good use of an off the shoulder peasant blouse.
It's not only because they're so simple and glamorous at the same time - it's also because there are just so many to choose from!
For some women, the temptation to bundle up and seek refuge from winter's harsh weather ultimately trumps the otherwise almighty desire to look fashionable and glamorous.
The good news is that the newest interpretations boast a modern feel, thanks to updated details like fur collars, sumptuous materials and even some glamorous embellishments.
While you can find any number of variations on gothic fairies or glamorous vampires to mix and match, the ideal way to achieve this costume is to make it yourself.
Opposites tend to attract no matter how glamorous your lifestyle is, so when an introvert finds an extrovert in Hollywood, they stand a better chance at longevity.
While this doesn't give off as much of a glamorous vibe as those paired with diamonds, the end result is a classic look that beautifully accentuates the black pearl in the middle.
Knot designs range from simple elegant and sleek tailored styles to glamorous ornate arrangements to fit the tastes of all ages and lifestyles.
Her need to break-free from standard cultural restraints on women and her glorified image of affluence, led to creations that were both glamorous and comfortable.
Cute straw clutches can make perfect evening bags for spring nights out, unless the occasion is extremely formal, in which case you may want to consider a more glamorous bag.
Aigner, who specializes in jewelry, handbags, footwear and accessories, offers a line of glamorous straw handbags that exude a surprising element of sophistication considering the typically rustic nature of straw.
The effortlessly chic straw handbag collection is as glamorous as any leather or snakeskin collection, and equally versatile, if not more so.
It doesn't take much convincing to realize that an embroidered formal handbag is one of the best choices available for glamorous nights out.
This material is decidedly less glamorous than leather and more exotic choices like snakeskin, but its strength and sturdiness generally make it quite functional and reliable.
Though it's easy to be sucked in by a glamorous exterior, you want to make sure that the case you have your eye on can do more than just look pretty.
Jacobs continues to make clothing and accessories that grace the pages of some of the most glamorous fashion magazines, like that of Vogue, Elle, and Cosmopolitan.
Fashion mavens and novices alike can all revel in the bliss of paying much less than full price for glamorous bags.
If you're searching for an alternative to the typical dressy clutch, a glamorous little backpack purse could, in some situations, fill in nicely.
A rhinestone camo purse may teeter on the glamorous side, but unless it's completely covered in gleaming stones or employs the camouflage pattern very discreetly, chances are it won't pass muster at a truly dressy function.
The result is a shiny clutch as glamorous as the much costlier styles found in the likes of Neiman Marcus and Saks Fifth Avenue.
A personalized suitcase can be just the thing to help a child see that travel can be a grand and even glamorous adventure; one that's oodles of fun!
Among the bags were sexy clutches, roomy carryalls and glamorous totes, and many were seen during the Dior Fall/Winter  runway shows.
Embrace your glamorous side with one of these handbags, beautifully constructed of faux suede that looks just like the real thing.
A clutch is a typical glamorous night out choice, but it doesn't necessarily translate into a practical option for prom night.
Hello Beautiful Glamour Beach Bags - Hello Beautiful offers a photo gallery of some glamorous straw bags that feature leather handles and floral embellishments.
If you choose to purchase a Sondra Roberts hobo bag, you'll find a bag high in both quality and glamorous style.
Women who desire something extremely elegant and glamorous may favor one of the more expensive styles in the lineup, while those who seek practicality from their bags might opt for a neutral, less ostentatious Bleecker bag.
Gemini makes an excellent mate since this sign is fun-loving and just as adventurous as the ram. Aquarius will charm Aries with varied interests, eclectic friends and glamorous lifestyle.
These high fashion dolls, with their signature big eyes and glamorous look, were an instant hit with girls ages  and under.
To create a glamorous basket, spray paint a woven basket in gold and fill it with bath essentials like a hair wrap, bath pillow, bubble bath and lotion.
While you'll find a token few flats and flip flops in the current collection, the majority of the shoes here are glamorous rather than practical.
If you're shopping for Naturalizer shoes, it is because you are aware that limping around the home or office is three miles south of glamorous!
Glamorous touches like brass heels, faux snake skin, and rhinestones accentuate some styles, while other styles offer simple intricacies added to classic styles for the purposes of intrigue.
Plenty of everyday women, who don't hold such glamorous jobs, go to work Monday through Friday in a variety of heels.
After applying makeup and styling their hair or wearing wigs, then adding glamorous dresses and high heeled shoes, many of these men could walk into a ladies restroom without turning heads.
Though the selection of glamorous, mouthwatering heels is endless, these shoes aren't always practical choices when it comes to prom footwear.
It's important to keep in mind the evening's activities when choosing shoes that are as glamorous as they are functional.
These dressy shoes will fit any occasion that demands something glamorous, and they'll also bring life to a simple dress during the spring and summer.
That's good news, because it allows you to expand your spring  fashion shoe collection and indulge in some glamorous, versatile neutrals.
Despite the notion that the majority of the company's shoes are not exceptionally classy, the shoes shown on stage were elegant, polished and perfectly complemented the models' glamorous outfits.
The sparkle and shine that made these plastic items seem so glamorous came from Cinderella's inner beauty and Wonder Woman's inner strength.
There are plenty of opportunities to pull off, for example, a pair of red or purple heels when you're decked out in a glamorous evening gown.
The storied label is known for its glamorous clothing and accessories, so it should come as no surprise that the products are recognized for their quality, impeccable craftsmanship and timelessness.
You may opt to keep it quite simple, or you might be interested in red prom shoes that are glitzy, glamorous and absolute stars of the show.
If money is no object and you want to make a truly glamorous statement on your special day, consider a pair of white couture wedding shoes.
The perfect finishing touch to an already glamorous look, the right shoes can bring everything together and tie it all up beautifully.
Available in beige, black, bronze, green, yellow and silver, this shoe takes a casual look to glamorous heights with its striking appearance.
Dr. Sydney Hansen (Kanakaredes) enjoyed a glamorous job in Beverly Hills, California working as a plastic surgeon to the rich and famous.
So you won't be the first to wield this method of tattoo concealment, as it is infinitely more glamorous than wearing a turtleneck to your wedding!
For many years TAG Heuer has been closely allied with the glamorous world of motor racing, and has a long relationship with the McLaren team.
If you're thinking a Christmas card made with stickers can't be a glamorous or beautiful as those that comes from the stores, think again.
If you want a lush and glamorous centerpiece to decorate the dining room table as part of your regular décor, keep it in scale with the size of the room and the dimensions of the table itself.
Chiffon--For glamorous girls and divas alike, the chiffon chemises are great for getting in touch with your femininity for a romantic rendezvous.
Though this isn't specifically a free lingerie gallery, if you look in the category "Glamour" you will find shots of lingerie and other glamorous photos.
Victoria's Secret is known for beautiful models and the gorgeous selection of glamorous lingerie you can see for free on its Web site or catalog.
We have fun and frilly things like feather hair clips, lace gloves, cocktail hats, feather boas, boudoir slippers and little necessities that add a glamorous touch.
The choice to include classic and designer styles seemed obvious, and as long as an item has a fun or glamorous aesthetic, it fits the shop.
The world of lingerie designers may not seem as glamorous as that of haute couture fashion designers, but it is.
A throwback to the glamorous fifties, this Love Doves teddy, designed by Sista Shei, is enhanced by girly details like chiffon ruffles and satin ribbons.
Utilitarian styles get the job done and give good service but may not be as glamorous, while sexier, spicy styles may not give as much wearable performance but they make you look and feel great.
Women everywhere wanted to model their bodies after pop culture icons like the glamorous Lana Turner and the hilarious Lucille Ball.
One may match or simply complement the other, but the end result is always the same - an easy, glamorous way to enhance your lingerie closet without spending a fortune.
For over two decades, this company has known what everyone used to know - that stockings that fit like this are the ultimate in glamorous and sexy.
Fortunately, a number of lingerie designers know the value of these retro glamorous pieces and you can buy some as luxurious as those from Paris in the day.
Not only is silk satin a gorgeous, feminine material sure to make a woman feel her most glamorous, but it's also one of the most versatile materials around.
There are fun, flirty, sexy, and glamorous styles for breasts of all sizes, even when they require large cups attached to small bands.
Although she was a big money maker for the studio, bosses made it clear that they didn't consider her to be one of their glamorous stars and rather always made her the "girl next door."
Not only is Sean Combs extremely well-known around the globe and routinely surrounded by some of the most glamorous people in every industry, but Diddy has a knack for taking people's careers to the next level.
Rowe has said the concept for the show comes from a desire to honor his father and other Americans who perform jobs that aren't very glamorous.
In an effort to show its young viewers that teenage pregnancy is less than glamorous, MTV greenlighted  and Pregnant.
The difference is that this competition reality show not only promises the winner a glamorous dream wedding, but also promises the winner a brand new body in the form of extensive plastic surgery.
When George Lucas and Steven Spielberg teamed up to make 's Raiders of the Lost Ark, their intent was to recreate the kind of glamorous movie that was in vogue in their younger days.
In the first show of the final season, he is brain-napped by evil yet glamorous women who need a new CPU for their world's computer.
The world of glamorous nails encompasses many things, but not everyone knows all about what's available - in fact, you may have wondered what is a silk wrap for fingernails, anyway? more than a few times.
Even if you've never ventured into the world of a peach nail lacquer, a smooth and glamorous peach metallic such as Peachaboo is certain to change your mind.
First made popular by the glamorous movie stars of the s, the half-moon or 'reverse French manicure' has made a comeback in recent years.
Take a look at the variety of ways you can introduce this glamorous style to your nails during any season of the year.
Though it is known for its glamorous runway and ready-to-wear attire along with mesmerizing shoes and handbags, the company also boasts a coveted range of beauty products.
This career is not as glamorous or "cool" as being a web site designer, but it's a very important one.
But more important is the less glamorous task of tackling serious disrepair - doing the unseen jobs to remedy damp and deterioration.
He was not a big dog, but was very compact and had super hindquarters, a lovely pale coat and was very glamorous.
With a talented cast and -piece orchestra, take a trip back to the glamorous, hot, glitzy nights of Las Vegas.
Popular culture junkies and fans of gossip rags have gorged on the glamorous and public life of Tom Cruise over the past decade.
Sarah is wholly sympathetic, as is the glamorous ten-year-old American girl liked by the young stepson of one of the main characters.
Waxwings in the apple tree We had some glamorous and exciting bird visitors this week, as the weather turned cold.
When worn intelligently, hosiery can provide you with comfort, make you look more glamorous and impart you with a sense of 'style'.
Crime films of the late s to early s were focused on rebellious yet glamorous gangster characters that were driven to succeed by illegal means.
An ephemeral window treatment or glamorous room divider, cool beaded curtains have many uses and can transform the look of your space.
Whether you want to cover an entire wall, or just do a small craft project, you can create a modern and glamorous look by incorporating some into your living space.
Readers at LoveToKnow Makeup will quickly discover the vast resource of information enabling them to quickly create a more glamorous outside image.
This whimsical fairytale is what makes her scent appealing to women who long to feel graceful and glamorous without being overpowered.
In addition to their specialized makeup, they also offer amazing bridal services to help the whole bridal party look and feel glamorous from home, to the church, to the reception.
One of the things I have noticed that everyone wants in Hollywood and on the red carpet is a glamorous white smile.
Work with a local photographer who does classy and glamorous photos for teens and families, and who makes you feel comfortable.
While in the past, running away as a teenager may have been seen as a glamorous way to have an adventure, it is not fun at all.
The belted green dress, which showed off Sarah's waist together with some gorgeous gray courts, made her feel really glamorous.
Marilyn Monroe made the halter dress popular with her stunning white ensemble that is the inspiration for costumes like the one featured on Fierce Costumes but you don't have to opt for a costume to get a glamorous look.
The dark-haired beauty gets "Bettyfied" for her on-screen persona, but the real Ferrera is a glamorous and naturally beautiful woman who is viewed by many as a positive role model for young Latinas and other young women around the world.
Tracking down polka dot plus size bras is a bit like finding a needle in a haystack - perhaps not quite so difficult, but also not as simple as, say, finding a simple neutral bra or a sexy push-up bra for a glamorous evening out.
From the brand's famed line of denim to the urban feel of pocket-laden cargo pants and utility bags, Girbaud has managed to maintain the classic, low-key yet unavoidably glamorous attitude that is associated with European style.
Whereas some A-list celebs employ a personal chef, a restricted diet, and a personal trainer to keep up their glamorous appearance, others may look to prescription medication, dangerous drugs, and even end up with eating disorders.
No expense was spared with any of the over-the-top nuptials featured on the show, which only lasted for one season but helped launch a string of copycat reality shows featuring glamorous - and incredibly expensive - weddings.
Ask anyone who's stepped out in a glamorous bra or panties and she'll usually tell you how bold and beautiful she feels, if only for the hint of mystery involved in wearing something so sexy, yet completely unseen by others.
Indulgent materials like snake skin are suddenly slithering onto everything from snazzy platforms to cute flats, rhinestones are all over the most glamorous gladiator sandals and even flip flops have taken a decidedly dressy turn.
While shopping at high-end retailers like Saks, Bergdorf Goodman, Barney's and Neiman Marcus is an outstanding way to get acquainted with glamorous styles from the world's biggest designers, for many it's just not a sensible option.
