
Sentences
He couldn't help but feel envious of his friend, who wasn't trapped in a world where he didn't belong, fighting demons.
The half-demon shook his head, turned and strode away, disappearing into a portal.  Gabriel watched him, envious and proud of his friend.  He'd always had faith in Rhyn.  Gabe's faith had cost him everything, but it was worth it.  If only he could find peace as well.
Most people were going all the way it seemed and we were slightly envious of them as we left the boat.
I think there will be at least  more orders as my fellow Xbox owners seem to be extremely envious.
I am afraid I have no photos - I am very envious of some of the photos you have on your site.
When England played Wales in Cardiff recently, I felt a bit envious of the Welsh who sang their own national anthem.
Available in a whole host of colors, styles and fabrics (including satin and leather) exclusivity and envious looks are both guaranteed.
The sun is often in German and Lithuanian legends described as the apple that hangs on the tree of the nightly heaven, while the dragon, the envious power, keeps the light back from men till some beneficent power takes it from him.
Raymond of Provence, the third and last of the great politiques of the First Crusade, was, like Baldwin, envious of Bohemund; and jealousy drove him first to attempt to wrest Antioch from Bohemund, and then to found a principality of Tripoli to the south of Antioch, which would check the growth of his power.
But as it is only the envious feeling of Thebuthis which is traced to this early date, Hegesippus doubtless means to place the outbreak later.
Unhappily, a few months after the appearance of the Journey to the Hebrides, Johnson did what none of his envious assailants could have done, and to a certain extent succeeded in writing himself down.
Peter the Great cast an envious eye on Finland and tried to wrest it from Sweden; in  he managed to obtain possession of the towns of Kexholm and Villmanstrand; and by  all the country was in his power.
Another cousin, Devadatta, the son of the raja of Koli, also joined the society, but became envious of the teacher, and stirred up Ajatasattu (who, having killed his father Bimbisara, had become king of Rajagaha) to persecute Gotama.
There is not a word too many nor too strong in the description of him by one of Burke's friends, as "a sullen, vain, proud, selfish, cankered-hearted, envious reptile."
If you find yourself feeling a little envious at your dog's accommodations compared to your own destination for the day, you've likely found a good place to leave your dog while you're gone.
Attached to a gold rectangular piece, the heart is large and done in a rich ruby red; perfect for stealing envious looks no matter where you go!
Donating gives you a fuzzy feeling inside and unlocks different colored feathers, based on the amount you give, for you to proudly display to envious visitors.
I am an expecting adoptive mother myself, and was a bit envious when selling all the fun novelty tees for pregnant women.
Part of your jealousy may be a result of being envious that this male friend gets to spend 'real' time with your girlfriend.
These lending practices would lead to their downfall, as the King became envious of their power and wealth, and when the Knights Templar refused to lend the King any more money, he decided to end the Knights Templar forever.
Even now, it's hard not to feel a little envious, and it's easy to understand why Celtic butterfly tattoos are so popular.
Your coworkers and friends may wonder just what happened to your love handles over the weekend, or other men may be envious that you've maintained your slim and trim figure.
The envious but graphic description of his demeanour conveyed to us by Bishop Kennet attests the real dignity of his position no less than the airs he thought fit to assume in consequence.
The respectable mediocrity of Chapelain might misapprehend him; the lesser geniuses of Scudery and Mairet might feel alarm at his advent; the envious Claverets and D'Aubignacs might snarl and scribble.

The word usage examples above have been gathered from various sources to reflect current and historical usage. They do not represent the opinions of YourDictionary.com.
