
This became a difficult task, as her publishers in Philadelphia had retired from business many years ago; however, it was eventually discovered that her residence is at Wilmington, Delaware, and copies of the second edition of the book, , were obtained from her.
Men who did not know when their visit had terminated, though I went about my business again, answering them from greater and greater remoteness.
He remembered how carefully and at what length everything relating to form and procedure was discussed at those meetings, and how sedulously and promptly all that related to the gist of the business was evaded.
As a general on duty on Kutuzov's staff, he applied himself to business with zeal and perseverance and surprised Kutuzov by his willingness and accuracy in work.
This simple thought could not occur to the doctors (as it cannot occur to a wizard that he is unable to work his charms) because the business of their lives was to cure, and they received money for it and had spent the best years of their lives on that business.
My wife thought he should go or Howie should simply kiss his mother's hand, give an excuse of pressing business, and come back east.
She included among her enemies the creditors and all who had business dealings with her father, and always at the thought of enemies and those who hated her she remembered Anatole who had done her so much harm--and though he did not hate her she gladly prayed for him as for an enemy.
I knew when we started this business it was like I was in the backseat of Thelma and Louise's car hurtling toward a cliff edge.
Millions will pour forth from there"--he pointed to the merchants' hall--"but our business is to supply men and not spare ourselves...
He wasn't opposed to having it, but he insisted on sharing it in fair business - and with his wife, more or less.
The town was fairly large with a dozen or so business buildings on each side of the street but, as I said, most were closed.
Even in civilized corporate offices, professionals in business attire say their work tasks place them "down in the trenches" or that a certain "campaign" requires "guerrilla" marketing.
They were very kind; but I could not help feeling that they spoke more from a business than a humanitarian point of view.
I see these men every day go about their business with more or less courage and content, doing more even than they suspect, and perchance better employed than they could have consciously devised.
I helped you, but all the same I must tell you the truth; it is a dangerous business, and if you think about it--a stupid business.
There are over five-hundred guest rooms and seventy suites, as well as three ballrooms, a fitness center, lap pool, sauna and business center.
He'd get over these butterflies about letting her run the business when he discovered she could do it without his direction.
Groucho couldn't wait to leave and after a call-us-if-you-hear-anything speech, he handed out a business card to each of the Deans.
Iquique is a city of much commercial importance and is provided with banks, substantial business houses, newspapers, clubs, schools, railways, tramways, electric lights, telephone lines, and steamship and cable communication with the outside world.
The reason for the decrease in the resident City population is to be found in the rapid extension of business premises, while the widening ramifications of the outer residential areas are illustrated by the increase in the later years of the population of the Outer Ring.
For instance, if you think large corporation are greedy and evil, then when you read about how large corporations produce low-nutrition food or are putting family farms out of business, you will believe it.
If you think "Western Medicine" is a business whose goal is to keep you sick to sell you medicines, you will tend to move away from genetically modified foods and favor organic.
I have thought that Walden Pond would be a good place for business, not solely on account of the railroad and the ice trade; it offers advantages which it may not be good policy to divulge; it is a good port and a good foundation.
They have no doubt that it is a damnable business in which they are concerned; they are all peaceably inclined.
She may be a first class bitch—but if there isn't a legal custody fight or the child isn't reported in danger or grossly neglected, it's none of our business.
At least you live here in Ouray and have a business, even if Bird Song is only a year old.
Between that Westlake guy checking his stocks and his Internet auctions and now Joseph and his brother, I hardly get time to do my own business.
All I could think of was Randy and how lucky we are that he's got his act together in spite of this business with Jen—how much better off he is than Billy— and Jen than Melissa.
I told Fitzgerald to quit all this hero business so you don't have to worry about having to back up some cartoon story.
Dean sensed Fred had finished his own web business before unhooking and was content to let the waiting line of users cool their respective heels.
The business of Martha's bones took a back seat to her present whereabouts and the touchy problem of Mr. Fitzgerald.
I think the best course of action in this instance is inaction—let this business play itself out, at least for the time being.
I had my fun kicking a little butt with the boys, but enough is enough—I have a business to run back home.
He was disheartened that Dean had no intention of running over to the crime scene, where Dean had no business whatsoever.
So you tried to buy The Lucky Pup so you could cover up the whole business once and for all.
It was lunchtime, and the sidewalk was packed with people in business attire headed to the small bistros, cafes and other eateries lining the business district of downtown Atlanta.
Sorry. New client brought in a dump truck full of receipts and needs his return done by close of business today.
They'd never trusted one another enough to share, and their father made things worse by compartmentalizing the Council's business and pitting the sons against one another long before he was killed.
While not privy to the Council's business, he assessed the appearance of their father at a time when Rhyn was struggling for control did not bode well for any of them.
He wasn't ready to be dead-dead yet, not after all the time he'd spent in Hell and all the unfinished business he had.
The walls were lined with blouses, formal wear, business wear, jackets, and other kinds of clothing, while displays of knit shirts, sweaters, jeans, and slacks spanned out before her.
Romas was all business by the time they rounded the corner; he even released Evelyn's hand and quickened his step into one that befitted a warrior prince.
She went about her business and was about to leave when the door opened and two beautiful, tall women entered.
If this husband of hers is abusive and traced her charge slip to Bird Song that quickly, he means business.
They dripped streams of water as soon as the sun began its business, the remaining moisture forming dragon-teeth icicles as soon as the cold air touched the droplets.
Once the details to that "caper," as Fred O'Connor called it, were settled, life and business at Bird Song had proceeded peacefully.
I know the whole business isn't our concern, but the poor woman is staying with us and God knows she looks as if she can use all the help she can get.
The business didn't stop, although there was a lot of talk in the newspapers about closing down all the bars and clubs.
The WCTU and Anti-Saloon League were active and the churches sure didn't like the kind of business going on in Ouray.
If about eighty percent of your help left town maybe my nice country inn wouldn't look like Dillinger's hideout and we could get down to business and wrap this up.
If Shipton let her know he knew all the dirt on Annie's past, that might throw a kibosh on the whole business.
It'll give him something to do now that the Annie Quincy business is over and the sisters are returning to Boston.
Dean rose and wandered out to the front porch but in spite of his sterling speech, and overwhelming wish that he could forget the Shiptons and all the grief they had brought him, he couldn't quite chase the unfinished business from his churning mind.
Finding women there meant the risk of seeing them again would be minimal, since they were most likely traveling on business.
She wished she could share Katie's faith in her brother, but the only picture she could summons was a short, pale, overweight man with more brains for business than aptitude in mechanics.
No, it wasn't any of you're business when you thought you caught Alex and me, but it didn't stop you from making your nasty accusations.
Jeffrey Byrne, age , of  Maid Marian Lane, Parkside, apparently drowned in the early morning hours of Tuesday, May fourth while on a business trip in Norfolk, Virginia.
Parkside's economy was less than spectacular, but at least it didn't require dependency on the fickle business of mines, steel or man­ufacturing for its fiscal survival.
Dean remem­bered reading about Adolph Messner, a craftsman of the old school who was a stickler for perfection, if not business acumen.
She had been familiar with most herbs and their uses since she was a child, due to her father's business, but she had never actually seen the herbs growing.
When Justin announced that he would be out of the state for a few days on business, she wondered if he was actually going back to talk to her father.
Though the controversy went on, its most important result had already been achieved in the silencing of Convocation, for that body, though it had just "seemed to be settling down to its proper work in dealing with the real exigencies of the church" when the Hoadly dispute arose, did not meet again for the despatch of business for nearly a century and a half.
Its trade also in books, hops, horses, and cloth is considerable, and a large banking and exchange business is done here.
By his energy, industry and sound judgment he gradually enlarged his operations, did business in all the fur markets of the world, and amassed an enormous fortune, - the largest up to that time made by any American.
The theory was that all the imperial business in Germany was supervised by the elector of Mainz, and for Italy by the elector of Cologne.
Delaware is the seat of the Ohio Wesleyan University (co-educational), founded by the Ohio Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church in , and opened as a college in ; it includes a college of liberal arts (), an academic department (), a school of music (), a school of fine arts (), a school of oratory (), a business school (), and a college of medicine (the Cleveland College of Physicians and Surgeons, at Cleveland, Ohio; founded as the Charity Hospital Medical College in , and the medical department of the university of Wooster until , when, under its present name, it became a part of Ohio Wesleyan University).
Her nights were spent in writing, which seemed in her case a relaxation from the real business of the day, playing with her grandchildren, gardening, conversing with her visitors - it might be Balzac or Dumas, or Octave Feuillet or Matthew Arnold - or writing long letters to Sainte-Beuve and Flaubert.
He won the good-will of his employers by devoting himself to the improvement of their manufacturing business, and he kept his hands clean from the prevalent taint of pecuniary transactions with the nawab of the Carnatic. One fact of some interest is not generally known.
He was destined by his family for the church, but entered business, and became a partner in a firm at Lyons for which he travelled in the Levant, in Italy, Spain and Portugal.
The second brief visit, in , partly on literary, partly on family business, was signalized by the award of a pension of  francs, obtained from the royal bounty by Cardinal Mazarin.
In  he was lecturing now in Rome and now in Bologna, all the while engaged in the public business of the church.
But he could hardly be said seriously to have oppressed the subject cities, and technically all the League money was spent on League business, for Athena, to whom the chief monuments in Athens were reared, was the patron goddess of the League.
The presbytery fixes the former for specific business; the latter is summoned by the moderator, either on his own initiative or on the requisition of two or more members of presbytery, for the transaction of business which has suddenly emerged.
The synod hears appeals and references from presbyteries; and by its discussions and decisions business of various kinds, if not settled, is ripened for consideration and final settlement by the general assembly, the supreme court of the Church.
Their business was to supervise daily life, to warn the disorderly, and to give notice to the consistory of cases requiring discipline.
The older part of the city and the principal business and manufacturing district occupies the low lands; the newer part, chiefly residential, is built upon the heights.
Charles opened a small business as an apothecary in Dublin, and between  and  he began his career as a pamphleteer by publishing papers on professional matters which led to legislation requiring inspection of drugs.
The whites who were responsible for the conduct of the blacks were warned or driven away by social and business ostracism or by violence.
The results of these first experiments were not encouraging, owing mainly to the poor class of animals, but the exporters persevered, and the business steadily grew in value and importance, until in  the number of live cattle shipped was ,, which then decreased to , in , because of the foot-and-mouth disease.
This council, which consists for the most part of business and professional men, is elected by universal suffrage, each canton in the department contributing one member.
Regist?ation (enregistrement) duties are charged on the transfer of property in the way of business (fi titre onreux); on changes in ownership effected in the way of donation or succession (a litre gratuit), and  a variety of other transactions which must be registered according to law.
He selects for himself a staff of civilians (the cab-met du ministre), which is divided into bureaux for the despatch of business.
The head of the cabinet prepares for the consideration of the minister all the business of the navy, especially questions of general importance.
The ordinary business of the ports was conducted in two courts known respectively as the court of brotherhood and the court of brotherhood and guestling, - the former being composed of the mayors of the seven principal towns and a number of jurats and freemen from each, and the latter including in addition the mayors, bailiffs and other representatives of the corporate members.
Dr Phillimore's patent had a grant of the "place or office of judge official and commissary of the court of admiralty of the Cinque Ports, and their members and appurtenances, and to be assistant to my lieutenant of Dover castle in all such affairs and business concerning the said court of admiralty wherein yourself and assistance shall be requisite and necessary."
The observance of such days was a bar to attending even to important diplomatic business or setting out on a journey Such nubattu days fell on the rd, th and th of the intercalary month of Elul, and were noted as the nubattu of Marduk and his consort.
If the Sabbath involved abstention from all such business as recorded in dated documents and always fell on these days, then the th, &c., should show a marked falling off in the number of dated documents.
In other cases the inclusion of documents relating to the temple business, payments of tithes and other dues, salaries to temple officials, and such ceremonies as marriages, &c., which may have demanded the presence of the congregation and were at least partly religious in nature, have been allowed to complicate the matter.
Such business as did not profane the Sabbath according to Babylonian ideas cannot be quoted against their observance of their Sabbath.
It required the chastening of adversity to teach it a salutary lesson, and a few years after, when the first effects of the crisis had passed away, business was on a much sounder footing than had been the case for very many years.
The great task of adjusting the financial business of the Commonwealth on a permanent basis was one of very great difficulty, as the apparent interests of the states and of the Commonwealth were opposed.
From its pleasant situation in a hilly, wooded district near the headwaters of the Cray stream, Orpington has become in modern times a favourite residential locality for those whose business lies in London.
The business of the scientist is to explain everything by the physical causes which are comparatively well understood and to exclude the interference of spiritual causes.
Barre is the centre of the granite business, and the region about Rutland, especially Proctor, is the principal seat of the marble industry.
A married woman may hold her separate property, carry on business, sue and be sued the same as if she were single, except that in conveying or mortgaging her real estate she must be joined by her husband.
Min was especially a god of the desert routes on the east of Egypt, and the trading tribes are likely to have gathered to his festivals for business and pleasure, at Coptos (which was really near to Neapolis, Kena) even more than at Akhmim.
It is provided with a jetty, is the sea terminus of the railway systems, the residence of the governor, and has churches, schools, hospitals and large business houses.
His master usually found him a slave-girl as wife (the children were then born slaves), often set him up in a house (with farm or business) and simply took an annual rent of him.
A common way of doing business was for a merchant to entrust goods or money to a travelling agent, who sought a market for his goods.
Some of the complaints against the companies, however, were exaggerated, and the estimates formed of the possible commercial development of telegraphy were optimistic. The basis for these estimates was the experience of other countries, which, however, did not justify the expectation that a large increase of business consequent on reduction of rates could be obtained without serious diminution of profit.
The Belgian state telegraphs were started in  and were at first very profitable, but for the years - they yielded an average profit of only . per cent., and subsequently failed to earn operating expenses, the reasons for the steady decline of the profits being the opening of relatively unprofitable lines and offices, increases in wages, and a diminution in growth of the foreign and transit messages which had constituted the most profitable part of the whole business.
Another reason assigned by the committee appointed by the Treasury in  " to investigate the causes of the increased cost of the telegraphic service since the acquisition of the telegraphs by the state " is the loss on the business of transmitting Press messages, which has been estimated as at least £, a year.
The following table shows the financial results of the business in the year immediately following the purchase of the telegraphs by the state, in the two years preceding and the two years following the introduction of the d.
Among the men of business it was undoubtedly Sir John Pender (-) who contributed most to the development of this colossal industry, and to his unfailing faith in their ultimate realization must be ascribed the completion of the first successful Atlantic cables.
As the power station at Poldhu was then fully occupied with the business of long distance transmission to ships, the Marconi Company began to erect another large power station to Marconi's designs at Clifden in Connemara on the west coast of Ireland.
Speech has been habitually transmitted for business purposes over a distance of . m., viz., over the lines of the American Telegraph and Telephone Company from Omaha to Boston.
The licences within restricted areas having proved unsuitable for the growing business, public opinion appealed to the Post Office to issue new licences applicable to the whole country.
The government policy of  was abandoned in London, the Post Office making an agreement with the company in regard to the London business.
As the cost of the service varies in proportion to the amount of use, the toll rate is more scientific, and it has the further advantage of discouraging the unnecessary use of the instrument, which causes congestion of traffic at busy hours and also results in lines being " engaged " when serious business calls are made.
The business subsequently proved profitable, good dividends were paid, and the securities for the most part commanded a premium in the market.
Gaine, general manager of the company, stated before the Select Committee that in the view of the directors the bargain was a hard one, because it gave no consideration in respect of the goodwill of the great business, with its gross income of over £ ,, per annum and its net revenue of over £,, which the company had built up. The company had had to pay for all the experiments and mistakes which are inherent in the launching and development of any new industry.
It had paid the Post Office in royalties already £,,, and the Post Office under the agreement would step into the business in  by merely paying for the plant employed.
In Congress he was a consistent defender of sound money and civil service reform; in municipal politics he was in favour of business administrations and opposed to partisan nominations.
The provincial council elects a provincial commission and the communal council a municipal council from among its own members; these smaller bodies carry on the business of the larger while they are not sitting.
The mass of the people remained unrepresented in the government; and even if the consuls existed in the days of Heribert, they were but humble legal officers, transacting business for their constituents in the courts of the bishop and his viscount.
This led to the establishment of podests, who represented a compromise between two radically hostile parties in the city, and whose business it was to arbitrate and keep the peace between them.
The name condottiero, derived from condolta, a paid contract to supply so many fighting men in serviceable order, sufficiently indicates the nature of the business.
The business of the divorce - or rather, of the legitimation of Anne Boleyn's expected issue - had now become very urgent, and in the new archbishop he had an agent who might be expected to forward it with the needful haste.
After acting as assistant in pharmacies at Quedlinburg, Hanover, Berlin and Danzig successively he came to Berlin on the death of Valentin Rose the elder in  as manager of his business, and in  he started an establishment on his own account in the same city, where from  he was pharmaceutical assessor of the Ober-Collegium Medicum.
The Meditations were written, it is evident, as occasion offered - in the midst of public business, and on the eve of battles on which the fate of the empire depended - hence their fragmentary appearance, but hence also much of their practical value and even of their charm.
The pharmacists were divided into two classes, the stationarii, who sold simple drugs and non-magisterial preparations at a tariff determined by competent authorities, and the confectionarii, whose business it was to dispense scrupulously the prescriptions of medical men; all pharmaceutical establishments were placed under the surveillance of the college of medicine.
The assistants employed at these dispensaries after a time appear to have gone into business on their own account, and in this way the dispensing chemists, as a class, appear to have originated.
For some time he continued his studies; later on when engaged in business there was no break in this respect.
Esprit Flechier, bishop of Nimes, in this Histoire du cardinal Jimenes (Paris, ), says that Torquemada made her promise that when she became queen she would make it her principal business to chastise and destroy heretics.
It is therefore just as much the business of the zoogeographer, who wishes to arrive at the truth, to ascertain what groups of animals are wanting in any particular locality (altogether independently of its extent) as to determine those which are forthcoming there.
His energies were chiefly devoted to the business of the school; but he found time also for much literary work, as well as for an extensive correspondence.
Shortly afterwards, however, he retired both from parliament and from public life, professing his disgust at the party intrigues of politics, and devoted himself to conducting his newspaper, the Newcastle Daily Chronicle, and to his private business as a mine-owner.
The business of shipping live sheep and frozen mutton has not been attempted on a large scale, owing principally to the lack of facilities for loading at the port of Montevideo or elsewhere.
Indianapolis suffered severely from the business panic of , and ten years later, when it received its first city charter, it had only about  inhabitants; in the same year a free public school system was inaugurated.
Baron von Richthofen noticed with surprise the number of fine country seats, owned by rich men who had retired from business, scattered over the rural districts.
Deism is, in fact, the Thomist natural theology (more clearly distinguished from dogmatic theology than in the middle ages, alike by Protestants and by the post-Tridentine Church of Rome) now dissolving partnership with dogmatic and starting in business for itself.
The town is also the chief distributing agency for the islands, and carries on some business in knitted woollen goods.
It has been concluded that in the latter part of his life he gratified the tendency to seclusion for which he was ridiculed in The Time Poets (Choice Drollery, ) by withdrawing from business and from literary life in London, to his native place; but nothing is known as to the date of his death.
Finnish diet ought to refer to the imperial legislature not only all military matters - as the tsar demanded (Rescript of October ) - but the question of the use of the Russian language in the grand-duchy, the principles of the Finnish administration, police, justice, education, formation of business companies and of associations, public meetings, the press, the customs tariff, the monetary system, means of communication, and the pilot and lighthouse system.
But in the development of the railway business it soon became evident that no such dependence on free competition was possible, either in practice or in theory.
It produces an uncertainty with regard to rates which prevents stability of prices, and is apt to promote the interests of the unscrupulous speculator at the expense of those whose business methods are more conservative.
Of this character are the expenditures necessary for maintenance of way, for general administration and for interest on capital borrowed, which are almost independent of the total amount of business done, and quite independent of any individual piece of business.
Under this principle, rates are reduced where the increase of business which follows such reduction makes the change a profitable one.
They are kept relatively high in those cases where the expansion of business which follows a reduction is small, and where such a change is therefore unprofitable.
The high and heavy cars, the high speeds, the severe weather in the northern states in winter, the fluctuating nature of the business, resulting often in the employment of poorly qualified men and in other irregularities, are among the causes of this state of things.
This is mainly due to a great falling off in traffic, because of a general business depression; from  to  the reduction in the accident record is still greater.
The railways are prospering because they are managed with great skill and are doing increasing amounts of business, though at lessening unit profits.
This is in line with the provisions in the Constitution of the United States regarding the protection of property, but the difficulty in applying the principle to the railway situation lies in the fact that costs have to be met by averaging the returns on the total amount cf business done, and it is often impossible, in specific instances, to secure a rate which can be considered to yield a fair return on the specific service rendered.
Such l i nes are primarily intended to supply quick means of passenger communication within the limits of cities, and are to be distinguished on the one hand from surface tramways, and on the other from those portions of trunk or other lines which lie within city boundaries, although the latter may incidentally do a local or intra-urban business.
There have been several professional photographers (all detected in fraud sooner or later) who made it their business to take photo complaints, to certain epidemics of the middles ages,' and to phenomena that have occurred at some religious revivals.
The Falkland Islands Company, having its headquarters at Stanley and an important station in the camp at Darwin, carries on an extensive business in sheep-farming and the dependent industries, and in the general import trade.
The town is the chief centre of business in East Galloway, and it is also resorted to in midsummer for its beautiful scenery and excellent fishing.
Waiting for professional business, he was content to act as court crier for two dollars and a half a day; but he soon gave indications of his talent, and his studious habits and attention to his cases rapidly brought him clients.
In his episcopal capacity he attended several diets of the empire, as well as the opening meetings of the council of Trent; and the influence of his father, now chancellor, led to his being entrusted with many difficult and delicate pieces of public business, in the execution of which he developed a rare talent for diplomacy, and at the same time acquired an intimate acquaintance with most of the currents of European politics.
Alexander disliked business of state, preferring literature and philosophy; a collection of his Latin poems appeared at Paris in  under the title Philomathi Labores Juveniles.
After a year of academic life he tried business again, but in  he gave it up finally and returned to college.
He enlarges, as it was his business to do, on the tranquillity and prosperity of the empire in that period, but he does not fail to place his finger on the want of political liberty as a fatal defect.
He died at his home at Blechingdon in Oxfordshire on the th of April , closing a career marked by great ability, statesmanship and business capacity, and by conspicuous courage and independence of judgment.
Generally it may be said that throughout his long reign Francis Joseph remained the real ruler of his dominions; he not only kept in his hands the appointment and dismissal of his ministers, but himself directed their policy, and owing to the great knowledge of affairs, the unremitting diligence and clearness of apprehension, to which all who transacted business with him have borne testimony, lie was able to keep a very real control even of the details of government.
All, however much or little preoccupied with worldly business, must fear God, from whom come good things and evil, life, death, poverty and riches.
Four years later he removed to another shop, in the neighbouring Luckenbooths, where he opened a circulating library (the first in Scotland) and extended his business as a bookseller.
Some idea of the business efficiency of the C.R.B., as it was familiarly called, may be gained from the fact that although almost $,,, was expended on food and transportation, only about one-half of one per cent was required for overhead expenses.
For a short time he worked for his father in the hardware business; in-he worked as a surveyor in preparing maps of Ulster, Albany and Delaware counties in New York, of Lake and Geauga counties in Ohio, and of Oakland county in Michigan, and of a projected railway line between Newburgh and Syracuse, N.Y.
With Fisk in August  he began to buy gold in a daring attempt to "corner" the market, his hope being that, with the advance in price of gold, wheat would advance to such a price that western farmers would sell, and there would be a consequent great movement of breadstuffs from West to East, which would result in increased freight business for the Erie road.
Farmers of the Piedmont Plateau formerly kept large numbers of horses and cattle from April to November in ranges in the Mountain Region, but with the opening of portions of that country to cultivation the business of pasturage declined, except as the cotton plantations demanded an increased supply of mules; there were , mules in , , in , , in , and , in .
We now have categories for Dutch writers, Dutch historians, Journalism (linked to Industry and business), Animal Husbandry and Horticulture (linked to agriculture and agriculture was linked to economics and biology).
In December  he was elected a representative peer for Scotland, and took his seat as a Tory in the House of Lords, but for some years he took only a slight part in public business.
After Peel's death in  he became the recognized leader of the Peelites, although since his resignation his share in public business had been confined to a few speeches on foreign affairs.
He alone transacts the business which occupies all the magistrates and councils of Venice, both civil and criminal; and all state affairs are managed by him, let their nature be what it may.
In recent times they enter military service less and less, betaking themselves mainly to cultivation and to the carrying business connected with agriculture.
They usually show little aptitude for business or for sedentary pursuits; but, on the other hand, they are born equestrians and sportsmen.
But although in his father's lifetime he several times filled the office of consul, and after his death was nominally the partner in the empire with his brother Titus, he never took any part in public business, but lived in great retirement, devoting himself to a life of pleasure and of literary pursuits till he succeeded to the throne.
The much-debated Corn Laws, after undergoing various modifications, and proving the fruitful source of business uncertainty, social discontent and angry partisanship, were finally abolished in , although the act was not consummated until three years later.
He would not canvass, nor pay agents to canvass for him, nor would he engage to attend to the local business of the constituency.
But, as we shall see, it is no more necessary to do this in the world of science than it is in the world of business or politics.
By means of his trade union, co-operative society or club he may gain some experience in the management of men and business, and in so far as the want of a sufficient income does not constitute an insuperable difficulty, he may share in the public life of the country.
For short historical periods, indeed, many phenomena are so remotely connected with the ordinary business of life that we may ignore them.
In our own day we have had many illustrations of the manner in which special circumstances may at once bring an almost unnoticed series of scientific investigations into direct and vital relation with the business world.
Thus the productive power of England was unrivalled, and her manufactures and business men, under a regime rapidly approximating to complete freedom of trade, could reap the full advantages to be derived from the possession of great national resources and production by machinery.
Commercial supremacy required not so much highly trained intelligence amongst manufacturers and merchants as keen business instinct and a certain rude energy.
At the same time, the revolution in the means of transport and communication has destroyed, or is tending to destroy, local markets, and closely interwoven all the business of the world.
The technical training of the factory or the office, the experience of business, the discharge of practical duties, necessary as they are, do not infallibly open the mind to the large issues of the modern business world, and can never confer the detailed acquaintance with facts and principles which lie outside the daily routine of the individual, but are none the less of vital importance."
It should form part of the training of educated men of all classes, on grounds of public policy and administrative and business efficiency.
To many minds the interest and usefulness of economics depend entirely on the application of these methods, for it is the actual working of economic institutions about which the statesman, the publicist, the business man and the artisan wish to know.
Ricardo's works, in fact, do not explain a theoretical system, but contain the matured reflections, more or less closely reasoned, of a man of great mental power looking out on the world as it appeared to a business man experienced in affairs.
When the aim of the man of affairs and the hypothesis of the economist was unrestricted competition, and measures were being adopted to realize it, general theory such as the classical economists provided was perhaps a sufficiently trustworthy guide for practical statesmen and men of business.
The scientific study of practical problems and difficulties is (generally speaking, and with honourable exceptions) far more advanced in almost every civilized country than it is in England, where the limited scale upon which such work is carried on, the indifference of statesmen, officials and business men, and the incapacity of the public to understand the close relation between scientific study and practical success, contrast very unfavourably with the state of affairs in Germany or the United States.
Although the British Empire contains within itself every known species of railway enterprise, the study of railways and other means of transport, and their relation to the business, the commerce and the social life of the country, is deplorably backward.
In November  he sent to Malta Poussielgue, secretary of the French legation at Genoa, on business which was ostensibly commercial but (as he informed the Directory) "in reality to put the last touch to the design that we have on that island."
To Darwin and those who believed with him scarcely any discovery could have been more welcome; but that is beside our present business.
In  he was moderator of the Free Church General Assembly; but he seldom took a prominent part in the business of the church courts.
In addition to the books mentioned above he published a number of books which had a remarkable circulation in England and America, such as Speaking to the Heart (); The Way to Life (); Man and the Gospel (); The Angel's Song (); The Parables (); Our Father's Business (); Out of Harness (); Early Piety (); Studies of Character from the Old Testament (-); Sundays Abroad ().
To secure for themselves the command of trade the leading commercial families resolved to erect themselves into a close gild, which should have in its hands the sole direction of the business concern, the exploitation of the East.
Members of the Senate and House of Representatives are elected for terms of two years; they must be residents of their respective counties or districts for one year preceding election, unless absent on public business of the state or of the United States.
After having been apprenticed to a linendraper, and for three years a clerk in a Dundee business house, he entered the Hoxton (Congregational) Theological College, and in  was appointed to a Congregational chapel in Aberdeen.
At the edge of the Common, which is now well within the city, the British troops in  took their boats on the eve of the battle of Lexington; and the post-office, now in the very heart of the business section of the city, stands on the original shore-line.
After the great fire of  it became possible, in the reconstruction of the business district, to widen and straighten its streets and create squares, and so provide for the traffic that had long outgrown the narrow, crooked ways of the older city.
Atlantic Avenue, along the harbour front, was created, and Washington Street, the chief business artery, was largely remade after .
The height of buildings in the business section is limited to  ft., and in some places to  ft.
The narrow streets and the traffic congestion of the business district presented difficult problems of urban transit, but the system is of exceptional efficiency.
Interested cliques could control the business of the town-meeting in ordinary times, and boisterousness marred its democractic excellence in exciting times.
Prices were low, foreign commerce was already large, business thriving; wealth gave social status; the official British class lent a lustre to society; and Boston " town " was drawing society from the " country."
On the th- oth of November  a terrible fire swept the business part of the city, destroying hundreds of buildings of brick and granite, and inflicting a loss of some $,,.
The ostensible purpose of his mission (apart, of course, from those of pilgrimage and perhaps relic-hunting) was that he might gain further instruction from Jerome on the points raised by the Priscillianists and Origenists; but in reality, it would seem, his business was to stir up and assist Jerome and others against Pelagius, who, since the synod of Carthage in , had been living in Palestine, and finding some acceptance there.
Early in the th century it became customary for Manchester dealers and Liverpool importers to carry on business with one another through representatives known as " buying " and " selling " brokers.
Previously there had not been enough business done in cotton to make it worth any person's while to devote himself to the buying and selling on commission of cotton only.
The evolution of the distinct business of cotton broking is readily comprehensible when we remind ourselves that the requirements, as regards raw material, of all spinners are much alike generally, and that no spinner could afford to pay an expert to devote himself entirely to purchasing cotton for his mill.
So far change had been gradual, but the success of the Manchester and Liverpool railway undermined beyond repair the old system of doing business.
Hence at first, in , they were used only by a section of the market constituted of members who had voluntarily agreed to do business with one another upon these terms alone.
There were no printed circulars, except the monthly prices current of all kinds of produce, but brokers used to send particulars of business done to their customers in letters.
If a spinner is pressed by a shipper to make quotations with refusal for two or three days to give time for business to be settled by cable, it is evidently not impossible for the spinner to shift the risk involved by getting in turn from his broker refusal quotations for cotton.
We begin by giving the official quotations of " spot," and statement of business done, published on the morning of the th of April .
The chief business is in butter, eggs, cattle and pigs, while bleaching, dyeing and shipbuilding are also carried on here.
In the decade of-the increase in the value of manufactures (.%) was almost five times as great in St Joseph as in any other of the largest four cities of the state, and this was due almost entirely to the growth of the slaughtering and meat-packing business, which is for the most part located outside the municipal limits.
On his father's death it became necessary for him to leave school and take a humble place in the business.
Godfrey's first business was to repel an Egyptian attack, which he accomplished successfully at Ascalon, with the aid of the other crusaders (August ).
He knew Greek and Arabic; and he was well acquainted with the affairs of Constantinople, to which he went at least twice on political business, and with the history of the Mahommedan powers, on which he had written a work (now lost) at the command of Amalric. It was Amalric also who set him to write the history of the Crusades which we still possess (in twenty-two books, with a fragment of a twentythird) - the Historia rerum in partibus transmarinis gestarum.
Ambition and a strong inclination towards a scientific career led him to throw up his business and remove to Berlin, where he entered the university in .
He possessed in abundant measure the German virtue of orderliness in the arrangement of knowledge and in the conduct of business.
His versatility was shown in his organization of the Army Works Corps which served in the Crimea, his excellent capacity as a man of business in railway management, and his enterprising experiments in floriculture.
With the increase of trade between the United States and the West Indies following the SpanishAmerican War (), the business of the principal ports, notably of Fernandina, Tampa and Pensacola, greatly increased.
With the Mahommedan conquest the Perso-Arabic alphabet was introduced among the Malays; it has continued ever since to be in use for literary, religious and business purposes.
Most of the trade of Brielle was diverted to Hellevoetsluis by the cutting of the Voornsche Canal in , but it still has some business in corn and fodder, as well as a few factories.
At ten he was apprenticed to a shoemaker, and at twenty he settled in the town of St Austell, first as manager for a shoemaker, and in  began business on his own account.
In  he removed to Liverpool, being appointed editor of the Imperial Magazine, then newly established, and in  to London, the business being then transferred to the capital.
They brought with them youth, hope and courage, as well as a little money, and at once entered into business.
The young Genevans failed in business, passed a severe winter in the wilds of Maine, and returned to Boston penniless.
In Allegheny county, of which Pittsburgh is the county seat and business centre, there were in  ,, persons, .% of the total pop. of Pennsylvania.
Louis as the largest horse and mule market in the world was maintained, the volume of business in  being $,,.
Cedar Rapids has also a large grain trade and a large jobbing business, especially in dry goods, millinery, groceries, paper and drugs.
At Cedar Rapids are Coe College (co-educational; Presbyterian), which grew out of the Cedar Rapids Collegiate Institute (), was named in honour of Daniel Coe, a benefactor, and was chartered under its present name and opened in ; the Interstate Correspondence schools, and the Cedar Rapids business college.
Among the best residence streets are Peachtree and West Peachtree streets to the north, and the older streets to the south of the business centre of the city - Washington Street, Whitehall, Pryor and Capitol Avenues.
The bishop also influenced the king's policy with regard to France, Scotland and Wales; was frequently employed on business of the highest moment; and was the royal mouthpiece on several important occasions.
He allied himself with his brother Richard and with William Pitt in forcing their feeble chief to give them promotion by rebelling against his authority and obstructing business.
Wood Mowing and Reaping Machine Co., which dates from , the business having been started in  by Walter Abbott Wood (-), who was a Republican representative in Congress in -.
With all his faults, and in spite of no slight amount of personal vanity, President Faure was a shrewd political observer and a good man of business.
The business founded by him about  was continued by his sons and his son-in-law, Jan Janszon (Jansonius) and others.
In his habits he was punctual and regular, transacting his business early in the morning, and enjoying his siesta after a drive.
John Wilkinson and John Story of Westmorland, together with William Rogers of Bristol, raised a party against Fox concerning the management of the affairs of the society, regarding with suspicion any fixed arrangement for meetings for conducting church business, and in fact hardly finding a place for such meetings at all.
The meetings for business further concern themselves with arrangements for spreading the Quaker doctrine, and for carrying out various religious, philanthropic and social activities not neces sarily confined to the Society of Friends.
There were also attached to a great household physicians, artists, secretaries, librarians, copyists, preparers of parchment, as well as pedagogues and preceptors of different kinds - readers, grammarians, men of letters and even philosophers - all of servile condition, besides accountants, managers and agents for the transaction of business.
Those who were not inmates of the household, but were employed outside of it as keepers of a shop or boat, chiefs of workshops, or clerks in a mercantile business, had the advantage of greater freedom of action.
Wilberforce's first motion for a committee of the whole House upon the question was made on the th of March , and this committee proceeded to business on the th of May of the same year.
He established a lending stock to help struggling business men and did much to relieve debtors who had been thrown into prison.
Owing to the inadequate supply of labour two important immigration leagues of business men were formed in  and , and in  the state government began officially to attempt to secure desirable foreign immigration, sending agents abroad to foster it.
His father, a prosperous merchant in Breslau, intended Ferdinand for a business career, and sent him to the commercial school at Leipzig; but the boy got himself transferred to the university, first at Breslau, and afterwards at Berlin.
The streets of the entire business section of the city are roofed over in this manner, and in the summer months the shelter from the sun is very grateful, but in the winter these streets are extremely trying to the foreign visitor, owing to their darkness and their damp and chilly atmosphere.
Lake View Park along the lake shore contains only  acres, but is a much frequented restingplace near the business centre of the city, and affords pleasant views of the lake and its commerce.
Especially has this been manifested by the Cleveland Chamber of Commerce and by the Municipal Association, an organization of influential professional and business men, which, by issuing bulletins concerning candidates at the primaries and at election time, has done much for the betterment of local politics.
In the business part the buildings are also for the most part imposing and the thoroughfares spacious, while the chief suburban streets are planted with trees.
Although he greatly enjoyed the outdoor business of the engineer's life it strained his physical endurance too much, and in  was reluctantly exchanged for study at the Edinburgh bar, to which he was called in .
In the former sense the native rulers of India in the past, like the amir of Afghanistan to-day, received visitors and conducted business in durbar.
A fleet of shallow-draught screw steamers provides a favourite means of communication between the business centre of the city and the outlying colonies of villas.
The streets enclosing the Binnen Alster are fashionable promenades, and leading directly from this quarter are the main business thoroughfares, the Neuer-Wall, the Grosse Bleichen and the Hermannstrasse.
The great fire of  (th-th of May) laid in waste the greatest part of the business quarter of the city and caused a temporary interruption of its commerce.
Several times he went to France on public business; in  at the treaty of Picquigny he received a pension from Louis XI.
The business section and the older residence quarters occupy low ground, but many of the newer residences are built on the sides of neighbouring hills and mountains, of which there are several from  to  ft.
He was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, and afterwards joined his father in his shipping business, being from  to  managing director of the Moor line of cargo steamers.
Pinckney, like many other South Carolina revolutionary leaders, was of aristocratic birth and politics, closely connected with England by ties of blood, education and business relations.
The assessment and collection of it were the business of the community; the crown, in principle, had nothing to do with them and did not bear the cost of a local administration for the purpose.
At the close of his embassy he told the Canadians that probably three-fourths of the business of the British embassy at Washington was Canadian, and of the  or  treaties he had signed nine had been treaties relating to the affairs of Canada.
His father was a publisher, whom in  he joined in business, and he retained his connexion with the firm till .
Many of the residences and business places of Bowling Green are heated by a privately owned central hot-water heating plant.
The city has a public library, a business college and Central College (), controlled by the United Brethren in Christ (Old Constitution).
He had the charge of the India Bill of  in the House of Commons, became the first secretary of state for India, and left behind him in the India Office an excellent reputation as a man of business.
The business of the town is chiefly connected with the interests of the sheep and cattle farmers of the Riverina district, a plain country, in the main pastoral, but suited in some parts for cultivation.
It soon became evident that his mathematical studies, undertaken at first probably as a relaxation, were destined to be the chief business of his life.
Immediately after his election as archbishop he began to take a leading part in the business of the Empire, and in  was very active in securing the election of Maximilian as Roman king.
Campbell also devoted himself a good deal to criminal business, but in spite of his unceasing industry he failed to attract much attention behind the bar; he had changed his circuit from the home to the Oxford, but briefs came in slowly, and it was not till  that he obtained a silk gown and found himself in that "front rank" who are permitted to have political aspirations.
In the House he showed an extraordinary, sometimes an excessive zeal for public business, speaking on all subjects with practical sense, but on none with eloquence or spirit.
The whole district between Sydney and Parramatta on each side of the railway is practically one continuous town, the more fashionable suburbs lying on the east of the city while the business extension is to the westward and the southern quarters are largely devoted to manufacturing.
He was amiable and kind-hearted, and greatly liked by his neighbours, but not a man of business habits, and he did not succeed in his farming enterprise.
In  Cobden learnt that Messrs Fort, calico printers at Sabden, near Clitheroe, were about to retire from business, and he, with two other young men, Messrs Sheriff and Gillet, who were engaged in the same commercial house as himself, determined to make an effort to acquire the succession.
There can be no doubt that if Cobden had been satisfied to devote all his energies to commercial life he might soon have attained to great opulence, for it is understood that his share in the profits of the business he had established amounted to from £ to £, a year.
Cobden had, indeed, with unexampled devotion, sacrificed his business, his domestic comforts and for a time his health to the public interests.
When the clerk read the orders of the day Lord Palmerston rose, and in impressive and solemn tones declared "it was not.possible for the House to proceed to business without every member recalling to his mind the great loss which the House and country had sustained by the event which took place yesterday morning."
The national assembly (Orszaggyiiles) was still summoned occasionally, but at very irregular intervals, the real business of the state being transacted in the royal council, where able men of the middle class, principally Italians, held confidential positions.
Generally speaking, the Transylvanians had only to appear, to have their demands promptly complied with; for these marauders had to be bought off because the emperor had more pressing business elsewhere.
The diet of  refused to proceed to business till the political prisoners had been released, and, while in the Lower Chamber the reforming majority was larger than ever, a Liberal party was now also formed in the Upper House under the brilliant leadership of Count Louis Batthyany and Baron Joseph EdtvOs.
The Austrian commander-in-chief, Count Haynau, was to attack Hungary from the west, the Russian, Prince Paskevich, from the north, gradually environing the kingdom, and then advancing to end the business by one decisive blow in the mid-Theissian counties.
Wekerle, essentially a business man, had taken office for the express purpose of equilibrating the finances, but the religious question aroused by the encroachments of the Catholic clergy, and notably their insistence on the baptism of the children of mixed marriages, had by this time (-) excluded all others, and the government were forced to postpone their financial programme to its consideration.
These tactics soon rendered legislation impossible, and a modification of the rule of procedure became absolutely necessary if any business at all was to be done.
It appears, moreover, that up to that date public business was transacted in period, Hungarian, for the decrees of King Coloman the Learned (-) were translated from that language into Latin.
The business section is in the level bottom-lands of the river, while the residential portion spreads up the banks, which afford fine building sites with beautiful views.
It is a stagnant, poorly built town of one-storeyed houses and mudwalled cabins, with few public edifices and business houses of a better type.
The education of a mandarin includes local history, cognizance of the administrative rites, customs, laws and prescriptions of the country, the ethics of Confucius, the rules of good breeding, the ceremonial of official and social life, and the practical acquirements necessary to the conduct of public or private business.
He conducted the business of the department with great skill, and ably seconded Cavour in bringing about the admission of Piedmont to the congress of Paris on an equal footing with the great powers.
He had spoken in the House of Commons on the th of February, but since then had been prostrated and unable to transact business, his illness dating really from a serious heart attack in the night of the th of November at Bristol, after a speech at the Colston banquet.
He was educated for a business career, but in his eighteenth year entered the Church, joining the Society of the Sacred Heart of Jesus and Mary (also known as the Picpus Congregation), and taking Damien as his name in religion.
On coming of age he got employment at Hempstead, Long Island, making machines for shearing cloth; three years afterwards he set up in this business for himself, having bought the sole right to manufacture such machinery in the state of New York.
He turned his shop into a furniture factory; soon sold this and for a short time was engaged in the grocery business on the site of the present Bible House, opposite Cooper Union; and then invested in a glue and isinglass factory, situated for twenty-one years in Manhattan (where the Park Avenue Hotel was built later) and then in Brooklyn.
Besides the Royal Exchange, in the building of which are numerous offices, including " Lloyd's," the centre of the shipping business and marine insurance, there are many exchanges for special articles.
Crowds of merchants with their hats on transacted business in the aisles, and used the font as a counter upon which to make their payments; lawyers received clients at their several pillars; and masterless serving-men waited to be engaged upon their own particular bench.
Besides those who came on business there were gallants dressed in fashionable finery, so that it was worth the tailor's while to stand behind a pillar and fill his table-books with notes.
Unlike many capitals of Europe which have shifted their centres the city of London in spite of all changes and the continued enlargement of the capital remains the centre and head-quarters of the business of the country.
Libitina was the goddess of funerals; her officers were the Libitinarii our undertakers; her temple in which all business connected with the last rites was transacted, in which the account of deaths - ratio Libitinae - was kept, served the purpose of a register office."
