
Make no mistake; the pages are delightfully illustrated in such a way that the text actually becomes part of the text.
Other frames, however, are available as well, including the TF B c. , a delightfully whimsical pink and tortoise colored frame, as well as the TF B c., a transparent and super shiny frame.
Mesh bikinis are a delightfully different style of swimsuit, but it's not the style of bikini that you can wear anywhere.
Diaper Head The delightfully named Diaper Head sells funky exclusive T-shirts with quirky slogans & cute prints for babies and toddlers.
Their delightfully dour little pop songs do touch on the melancholic side of things, but the lyrics are wonderfully slice-of-life descriptions.
Our hotel is a delightfully hospitable establishment that was built in the late th century, in the reign of King George III.
The superb ensemble creates vivid, delightfully winning characters with sharp, witty attitudes; even their political discussions are full of pointed humor.
Maclaren has created its own backpack diaper bag delightfully androgynous in its exterior, making it safe for parents of either gender.
It's delightfully small, and because it's back, you won't have to worry about it taking attention away from your outfit.
Instead, these styles are delightfully unique, which means that the odds of someone showing up in the same look as you are practically nil.
Aries natives are strong in both body and mind, and they have a delightfully charming way of picking themselves up after a set-back, dusting themselves off and getting right back into the ring of life.
Conversations between these two signs are often delightfully abstract and free of messy emotions that might otherwise cloud one another's judgment.
She runs her own veterinary clinic and only takes over the family farm when her father Ken Davis, Sr. (played delightfully by James Read of North and South and Charmed) faces charges for fraud.
The meaty texture of a portobello mushroom combined with the delightfully tangy sauce and the smoky charred flavor from the cooking method create a filling sandwich that's surprisingly healthy.
There are tons to choose from, but a few outstanding pieces include the Peppermint Cover Up, the Ruffle Baby Doll, and the ultra-romantic yet delightfully naughty Rosemary's Baby Doll.
Lace edging lies flat against your skin for a delightfully cozy fit; this panty will work well under lightweight garments since it's available in a few skin toned shades.
The crests of the higher ridges in the central province are delightfully cool in summer, but the adjacent valleys are subject to excessive heat in summer and severe cold in winter.
The town, built of grey granite, presents a handsome appearance, and being delightfully situated in the midst of the most beautiful pine and birch woods in Scotland, with pure air and a bracing climate, is an attractive resort.
Helena is delightfully situated with Mt Helena as a background in the hollow of the Prickly Pear valley, a rich agricultural region surrounded by rolling hills and lofty mountains, and contains many fine buildings, including the state capitol, county court house, the Montana club house, high school, the cathedral of St Helena, a federal building, and the United States assay office.
Although surrounded by railways and crossed by the lines NurembergEger and Regensburg-Oberkotzau, the Fichtelgebirge, owing principally to its raw climate and bleakness, is not much visited by strangers, the only important points of interest being Alexandersbad (a delightfully situated watering-place) and the granite labyrinth of Luisenburg.
Autumn is perhaps the finest season; the fields are green into the winter, the air is pure and fresh, though dry and warm, and the long season is delightfully mild and beautiful.
In the Parahyba valley, which extends across the state of Rio de Janeiro, the mean temperature is somewhat higher than it is in Sao Paulo and Minas Geraes, and the nights are warmer, but the higher valleys of the Serra do Mar enjoy a delightfully temperate climate.
Easily and delightfully written, and on the whole eminently sane and moderate, these volumes form a brilliant piece of narrative from a Liberal standpoint.
Government House, the residence of the governor-general, an excellent Tudor building erected in , and several times enlarged, is delightfully situated in the Domain, overlooking Farm Cove.
