
He does not discuss the possibility of successful resistance to the Chaldeans; he simply assumes that the attempt is foolish and wicked, and, like other prophets, he identifies his political programme with the will of God.
She is the one from Surry and her name is listed as Elizabeth in the phone book but they call her Betty, or Becky or some foolish diminutive.
Soc. for , points out that this act meant something to the mob who followed the rebel chief, and was not a piece of foolish acting.
You can be confident meeting someone online isn't unusual or foolish - in many cases, it just makes sense to reach into a wider dating pool.
But an impatient outburst of the insurgents and a foolish attempt to seize hull and Scarborough gave Henry an excuse for repudiating the concessions made in his name.
At the commencement, the system caused serious irritation amongst the commercial classes, to which point was given by foolish and, in some cases, amusing errors made by the censors.
A revolutionary conspiracy among the officers of the guard, and a foolish plot to kidnap him on his way to the congress of Aix-la-Chapelle, are said to have shaken the foundations of his Liberalism.
Llewelyn was, however, foolish enough to lose the results of this very favourable treaty by intriguing with the de Montfort family, and in  he became betrothed to Eleanor de Montfort, the old Earl's only daughter, a piece of political folly which may possibly in some degree account for Edward's harsh treatment of the Welsh prince.
Take the wise virgins and the foolish; while they are asleep they can all stay together Why should they not?
It was Favorinus who, on being silenced by Hadrian in an argument in which the sophist might easily have refuted his adversary, subsequently explained that it was foolish to criticize the logic of the master of thirty legions.
These bankrupt celebrities have made their fortunes realizing their dreams of performing or becoming sports stars, then made foolish choices with their money or trusted the wrong individuals for financial advice.
The idea of playing a practical joke on someone is to make the object of the prank look foolish and to have fun.
In the end, both the ESRB and Rockstar North, the publisher, looked patentedly foolish as Rockstar lost thousands and thousands of dollars in a massive product recall.
I was in a relationship for about  months and she wanted to take to the next level but I was scared and foolish.
Weak, foolish and dissolute, she made her reign one long scandal, which reduced the kingdom to the lowest depths of degradation.
When, however, Ferdinand was elected king of Aragon, and the regency remained in the hands of the king's mother, Constance, daughter of John of Gaunt, a foolish and dissolute woman, Alvaro became a very important person.
The wild and foolish agitation on this question only served to confirm the impression that the Egyptians were not yet fit to govern themselves.
To the last he endeavoured to avoid a rupture with France even if he broke with Sweden; but he could not restrain for ever the foolish impetuosity of his own sovereign, Christian V., and his fall in the beginning of  not only, as he had foreseen, involved Denmark in an unprofitable war, but, as his friend and disciple, Jens Juel, well observed, relegated her henceforth to the humiliating position of an international catspaw.
The idea that Alfred, during his retreat at Athelney, was a helpless fugitive rests upon the foolish legend of the cakes.
Therefore he seems to me a very foolish man, and very wretched, who will not increase his understanding while he is in the world, and ever wish and long to reach that endless life where all shall be made clear.
It draws few students from foreign parts,  where the local schools are of the poorest kind, except in India (thanks to a British government) and perhaps in Constantinople., Bokhara was once a chief seat of learning, but is now so sunk in narrow fanaticism that its eighty madrasas (medresses) with their  students only turn out a bigoted and foolish clergy (V.mbery).
The man of the world who had cultivated it in his youth regarded it in riper years as a foolish pedantry, or at best as a propaedeutic exercise; while the serious student, necessarily preferring that form of disputation which recognized truth as the end of this, as of other intellectual processes, betook himself to one or other of the philosophies of the revival.
But, however foolish in his credulity, he still made his strong hand felt both in France and in Italy, remaining to the last "the terrible king."
During this period there was desultory fighting with the Indians; there was a long boundary dispute with the Argentine, settled in ; and in  Chilean sympathy with Peru in a quarrel with Spain led to a foolish war with Spain.
On his way to Norfolk he stopped at Lyford in Berkshire, where he preached on the th of July and the following day, yielding to the foolish importunity of some pious women.
Contrary to his expectations Darnley did not receive the crown matrimonial, and his foolish and haughty behaviour, his vicious habits, and his boisterous companions did not improve matters.
In September of the same year his physical malady reached a crisis, from which he emerged a helpless wreck, with faculties paralysed rather than destroyed - "He never talked nonsense or said a foolish thing."
Sagas exist showing all these phases, some primitive and rough, some refined and beautified, some diluted and weakened, according as their copyists have been faithful, artistic or foolish; for the first generation of MSS.
Foolish and criminal as these disturbances were, they served to remind the English people that Ireland would not cease to be troublesome under Home Rule.
He had a taste for puerile amusements, a mania for useless little domestic economies in a court where millions vanished like smoke, and a natural idleness which achieved as its masterpiece the keeping a diary from  to  of a life so tragic, which was yet but a foolish chronicle of trifles.
The court, on its side, showed little sign of a conciliatory spirit, though, realizing itsdanger, it attempted to restrain the foolish violence of the emigres, i.e.
Kepler was more cautious in his opinion; he spoke of astronomy as the wise mother, and astrology as the foolish daughter, but he added that the existence of the daughter was necessary to the life of the mother.
The latter won the title of " l'Inetto " (the Incapable) by the foolish sale of his rights over Pesaro to the Sforza in .
The lifestyle would be culture shock enough, but there were so many other things... family squabbles, gender commitments... things he had been foolish enough to believe he could escape so many miles away and in such a different lifestyle.
Does this foolish woman think I believe for a minute she'll sacrifice her husband and this other fool for her life?
The foolish woman thinks if I use her cell phone the dogs of law will trace the call and gallop a riding to her rescue.
By this time Burgers was no longer blinded by _the foolish optimism of a visionary who had woven finespun theories of what an ideal republic might be.
The news of the revolution in Spain in January  added fuel to their fury; it was the foolish and criminal policy of the royal favourite that had once more unchained the demon of revolution.
Rousseau's father Isaac was a watchmaker; his mother, Suzanne Bernard, was the daughter of a minister; she died in childbirth, and Rousseau, who was the second son, was brought up in a haphazard fashion, his father being dissipated, violenttempered and foolish.
A certain spirit of foolish pride was said to exist which sought to disown trade; and the tendency to be poor and genteel in the civil service, at the bar, in the constabulary, in the army, in professional life, rather than prosperous in business, was one of the most unfortunate and strongly marked characteristics of Dublin society.
And thou art more foolish and unreasonable than a little child, who, playing with the parts of a skillfully made watch, dares to say that, as he does not understand its use, he does not believe in the master who made it.
First performed in , Molière 's comedy cunningly ridicules the snobbery of the aristocracy and the foolish aspirations of the nouveau riche.
Of course, consumers aren't foolish, and manufacturers know that one of the best ways to promote new products is to offer free samples.
Though I've never been a huge fan of bronzers, I was compelled to try the product anyway, not least because the buzz surrounding it was so strong and the reviews so positive that I was convinced it would be foolish not to!
As a student gets ready to take a test, he may start to worry that he may not perform well, that he didn't study enough or that he will look foolish in front of his classmate.
With so much focus on popularity, many teens are willing to do a lot to be popular, no matter how foolish.
When we have been made to feel foolish or treated poorly, wanting to get our own back is a normal response.
In essence, that's vitamin-fortified urine you're letting out, which explains why paying good money on megadoses of vitamins is foolish but not really harmful.
For example, purchasing an accidental death rider that promises to pay a double benefit if you die in an accident is simply foolish.
Instead of being a time of unusual behavior, Christmas is perhaps the only time in the year when people can obey their natural impulses and express their true sentiments without feeling self-conscious and, perhaps, foolish.
Your definition of "Broadway" also gets involved in the mix as some feel off-Broadway productions should be counted while others would find this foolish.
It was a foolish thing to say, given the circumstances, but she was up to her eyeballs with this lingering bad mood.
Dean knew he was being foolish beyond any measure of reason to venture even the short distance that would allow him to see beyond the overhang.
If at this stage of their existence the real ambition of the Transvaal Boers was to found a strong and compact republican state, their conduct in opposing a scheme of union with the Orange Free State was foolish to a degree.
He engaged in a foolish and undignified struggle with Crebillon (not fils), a rival set up against him by Madame de Pompadour, but a dramatist who, in part of one play, Rhadamiste et Zenobie, has struck a note of tragedy in the grand Cornelian strain, which Voltaire could never hope to echo.
The Swiss authorities had imprisoned some foolish royalists of Neuchfttel, in which the house of Hohenzollern had never resigned its rights.
At a time when United are strapped for cash, signing a player for five million pounds and then not playing him looks foolish.
First performed in , Molière's comedy cunningly ridicules the snobbery of the aristocracy and the foolish aspirations of the nouveau riche.
With a steady stream of headlines and water cooler fodder coming in, it would be foolish to take the Gosselins off the air completely.
Of course, once she had convinced everyone else what a foolish move it would be, how was she going to convince herself that she didn't need Brandon in her life?
A foolish attempt was made to claim his retreat as a victory, but the allies were too severely damaged to attempt an attack on the Dutch during the rest of the year.
Passing from Moleschott to Lyell's view of the evolution of the earth's crust and later to Darwin's theory of natural selection and environment, he reached the general inference that, not God but evolution of matter, is the cause of the order of the world; that life is a combination of matter which in favourable circumstances is spontaneously generated; that there is no vital principle, because all forces, non-vital and vital, are movements; that movement and evolution proceed from life to consciousness; that it is foolish for man to believe that the earth was made for him, in the face of the difficulties he encounters in inhabiting it; that there is no God, no final cause, no immortality, no freedom, no substance of the soul; and that mind, like light or heat, electricity or magnetism, or any other physical fact, is a movement of matter.
But some foolish and ignorant Scotsmen were moved to anger by a little unpalatable truth which was mingled with much eulogy, and assailed him whom they chose to consider as the enemy of their country with libels much more dishonourable to their country than anything that he had ever said or written.
She showed me how very foolish it would be for me to pursue a four years' course of study at Radcliffe, simply to be like other girls, when I might better be cultivating whatever ability I had for writing.
There, also, is the refined and spirited figure of "Cimabue" in mosaic. In Lyndhurst church are mural decorations to the memory of Mr Pepys Cockerell, illustrating "The Parable of the Wise and Foolish Virgins."
He not merely did nothing of the kind, but on the contrary he used his power to select the most foolish and ruinous of all the courses open to him.
Wouldn't it be foolish to abandon the carefully laid plans that had helped her achieve her goals in the first place?
He saw a good deal of French society, and was himself much admired for his hearty defence of his rival Pitt against a foolish charge of encouraging plots for Napoleon's assassination.
Those who tried to understand the general course of events and to take part in it by self-sacrifice and heroism were the most useless members of society, they saw everything upside down, and all they did for the common good turned out to be useless and foolish--like Pierre's and Mamonov's regiments which looted Russian villages, and the lint the young ladies prepared and that never reached the wounded, and so on.
She suddenly felt foolish thinking that Guardian, a man trained to kill, wouldn't kill in cold blood or wouldn't succumb to any other vices.
Tikhon scratched his back with one hand and his head with the other, then suddenly his whole face expanded into a beaming, foolish grin, disclosing a gap where he had lost a tooth (that was why he was called Shcherbaty--the gap-toothed).
He began to see how foolish he had been; he thought how terrible it would be to live there without one friend, without one person to whom he could speak.
Cynthia finished her wedding pronouncement by tossing out a comment about her foolish son considering delaying the final year of his education to play professional baseball, a decision against which she and Rose Calvia planned to exert a full court press.
Kris said nothing, feeling at once foolish and like he was the child Andre used to chastise for failing to focus on his duties.
Tell them it would be foolish for me to eat the piglet, because I had sense enough to know it would raise a row if I did.
Russell spoke with spirit and dignity in his own defence, and, in especial, vehemently denied that he had ever been party to a design so wicked and so foolish as those of the murder of the king and of rebellion.
The most foolish and discreditable was certainly that of Davies; his unworthy attempt to depreciate the great historian's learning, and his captious, cavilling, acrimonious charges of petty inaccuracies and discreditable falsification gave the object of his attack an easy triumph.
In spite of such a foolish ending, his funeral was that of a martyr, and by many of his adherents he has been regarded since with feelings almost of religious devotion.
Formerly in Anna Pavlovna's presence, Pierre had always felt that what he was saying was out of place, tactless and unsuitable, that remarks which seemed to him clever while they formed in his mind became foolish as soon as he uttered them, while on the contrary Hippolyte's stupidest remarks came out clever and apt.
The two personages - the "old and foolish king" and the "poor and wise youth" - have been supposed (by Winckler) to be Antiochus Epiphanes (- B.C.) and Demetrius (- B.C.), or (by Haupt) Antiochus and the impostor Alexander Balas (- B.C.), or (by others) Demetrius and Alexander; in favour of Alexander as the "youth" it may be said that he was of obscure origin, was at first popular, and was later abandoned by his friends.
But don't let us worry over such things, Zeb; we can't help ourselves just now, you know, and I've always been told it's foolish to borrow trouble.
While Dean felt foolish, he couldn't help feeling a tickle of pleasure as hundreds of people clapped and cheered as they passed.

