
While Dean had briefly touched on his search for Martha's bones at the park that morning, he and Cynthia now repeated the story in greater detail.
Before describing the process of teaching Helen to speak, it may be well to state briefly to what extent she had used the vocal organs before she began to receive regular instruction in articulation.
The gazettes from which the old prince first heard of the defeat at Austerlitz stated, as usual very briefly and vaguely, that after brilliant engagements the Russians had had to retreat and had made their withdrawal in perfect order.
He leaned down and kissed her cheek softly and she rolled her head, finally touching his lips briefly with hers.
The hand left her breast, caressing its way down her side, pausing briefly on her waist and then continuing down her hip.
I explained the situation briefly and the patrolman recognized I was the object of the call he'd just received from Jackson.
Several people stopped to stare or skirt them as Rhyn padded through, and one startled gasp drew his attention briefly to a stairwell.
She stiffened briefly as she realized what had happened, but before she could even raise a hand to resist; his venom had produced a surge of euphoria.
She woke several times briefly; once to see Len and an older officer with white hair talking in the hallway outside her cubicle in the emergency room.
He changed into a clean shirt as he briefly described hearing the accident, climbing down to investigate and discovering Billy Langstrom's body.
He briefly explained the situation to Winston, who had no problem detouring for the short time it would take to question the youth.
The bake lights came on briefly as he slowed down for the bridge and then the truck disappeared into a cloud of tawny dust.
Briefly, it may be explained here that Easter day is the first Sunday after the full moon following the vernal equinox.
In short, we have a somewhat heterogeneous assemblage of tropical, temperate and alpine plants, as has been already briefly indicated, of which, however, the tropical are so far dominant as to give their character to the flora viewed as a whole.
Coldly, without looking at her son, she sent for her husband and, when he came, tried briefly and coldly to inform him of the facts, in her son's presence, but unable to restrain herself she burst into tears of vexation and left the room.
Before the beginning of the campaign, Rostov had received a letter from his parents in which they told him briefly of Natasha's illness and the breaking off of her engagement to Prince Andrew (which they explained by Natasha's having rejected him) and again asked Nicholas to retire from the army and return home.
The human had spent most of the evening pacing around the cell, trying to make some sense of everything, stopping only briefly to eat, in an effort to soak up all the alcohol.
He took his time strolling down row after row of tents, paus­ing briefly to answer a young man's question about directions.
Before coming, however, to the history of federation, and the evolution of the Labour party, we must refer briefly to some other questions which have been of general interest very soon after the gold discoveries, the European miners objecting strongly to the presence of these aliens upon the diggings.
Very briefly stated, his method consists in sending out a group of wave trains at certain irregular but assigned intervals of time to constitute the simplest signal equivalent to a dot in the Morse code, and a sequence of such trains, say three following one another, to constitute the dash on the Morse code.
The period we have briefly traversed was immortalized by Dante in an epic which from one point of view might be called the poem of the Guelphs and Ghibellines.
Briefly, they are to be found in the conditions of the time; the increasing insularity of the English barons, now no longer the holders of estates in Normandy; the substitution of an unpopular for a popular king, an active spur to the rising forces of discontent; and the unprecedented demands for money - demands followed, not by honour, but by dishonour, to the arms of England abroad.
The islands are briefly noticed by Marco Polo, who probably saw without visiting them, under the name Angamanain, seemingly an Arabic dual, "The two Angamans," with the exaggerated but not unnatural picture of the natives, long current, as dog-faced Anthropophagi.
Yet since in these systems inquiries into the esse and fieri of the world are rarely distinguished with any precision, it will be necessary to indicate very briefly the general outlines of the system so far as they are necessary for understanding their bearing on the problems of evolution.
The former support a copious herbaceous flora, the characteristics of which in the Old and New Worlds have been already briefly summarized.
In his speech Cicero briefly dismisses the charge of assassination, the main question being the distribution of the provinces, which was the real cause of the quarrels between DeIotarus and his relatives.
The Ahoms retained the form of government in Assam peculiar to the Shan tribes, which may be briefly described as an organized system of personal service in lieu of taxation.
There are certain fundamental relations common to all tractive problems, and these are briefly considered in §§ i and , after which the article refers particularly to steam locomotives, although §§ , , , , , and  have a general application to all modes of traction.
Insect metamorphosis may be briefly described as phenomena of development characterized by abrupt changes of appearance and of structure, occurring during the period subsequent to embryonic development and antecedent to the reproductive state.
The untrustworthiness of Chronicles - briefly admitted by Luther - he proved in detail, and so cleared the way for that truer view of the history and religion of Israel which the treatment of Chronicles as a trustworthy record of the past hopelessly obscured.
Briefly, in conclusion, it remains to consider the relation of Archaeology to Criticism, partly because it is frequently asserted in the loose language just discussed that Archae- Archaeologys overthrown Criticism, or in par- ?' ?
From the facts" that have been here briefly noted it must be evident how precarious and, in parts, how impossible the Biblical chronology of this period is.
We must briefly sketch the process by which this came about, tracing the causes which led to the result and indicating the manner in which they operated.
It is only possible to allude briefly here to the different conclusions that he has attained in treating the various problems, as for example in Aesthetic, the unity of art and language, of intuition and expression, the negation of particular arts, the refutation of literary and artistic classes, the criticism of rhetoric, of grammar and so forth; and in the Philosophy of the Practical or of Practice, the conciliation of the antitheses of utilitarianism and moralism, the critique of precepts, of laws and of casuistry, the new conception of judgments of value, the constitution of a philosophic economy side by side with the science of Economy, the resolution of the Philosophy of rights in the Philosophy of economic, and so forth.
To keep Louis from straying too far off the reservation, Lestat makes another vampire, the young girl Claudia whom Louis briefly fed from.
Dr. Beverly Crusher was briefly replaced as CMO on the Enterprise by the crusty and irritable Dr. Pulaski, loathed by fans for treating Data as a thing, and mispronouncing his name.
Giles is briefly replaced by Wesley Wyndham-Price(Alexis Denisof) when the Watcher's Council decides that Giles is too personally involved with his Slayer.
While texts of Norse and Germanic texts mention them briefly, fictional stories elaborate a great deal more to the point where few people know where the myth ends and the fiction begins.
When you sign up and start Twittering, your tweets are made public and are both presented briefly on the home page of the site, and searchable by other users.
Many will use this area to highlight what they would like to do briefly or what they are currently working on.
This is briefly the doctrine that the metals are composed of mercury and sulphur, which persisted in one form or another down to the th century.
In the above sketch we have briefly treated the history of the main tendencies of our science from the earliest times to the Summary.
It will deal briefly (I) with the general idea and the historical evolution of ecclesiastical vestments, () with the vestments as at present worn (a) in the Roman Catholic Church, (b) in the Oriental Churches, (c) in the Reformed Churches, (d) in the Anglican Church.
Orthogonal System.-In particular, if we consider the transformation from one pair of rectangular axes to another pair of rectangular axes we obtain an orthogonal system which we will now briefly inquire into.
The magnetic flux per square centimetre at any point (B, B, or ) is briefly called the induction, or, especially by electrical engineers, the flux-density.
Under the present heading it is proposed only to discuss briefly the various types of episcopacy actually existing, and the different principles that they represent.
The original investigation of Stokes, here briefly sketched, extends also to the case where the streams are of unequal width h, k, and are separated by an interval g.
The English school of medicine was also profoundly stirred by the teachings of the two brothers William and John Hunter, especially the latter - who must therefore be briefly mentioned, though their own researches were chiefly concerned with subjects lying a little outside the limits of this sketch.
How he built a church and got into trouble in so doing at Ferney, how he put "Deo erexit Voltaire" on it (-) and obtained a relic from the pope for his new building, how he entertained a grand-niece of Corneille, and for her benefit wrote his well-known "commentary" on that poet, are matters of interest, but to be passed over briefly.
As regards the distribution of powers and duties between the County Council and the Borough Councils, and the constitution and working of each, the underlying principle may be briefly indicated as giving all powers and duties which require uniformity of action throughout the whole of London to the County Council, and powers and duties that can be locally administered to the Borough Councils.
Its scope may be briefly indicated as including (a) duties exercised elsewhere by the Borough Councils, and by the London County Council (although that body is by no means powerless within the City boundaries); and (b) peculiar duties such as control of markets and police.
In this section an attempt is made to indicate briefly the causes which have led to so great a diversity of opinion, and to describe in outline the principles underlying the chief schemes of chronology that have been suggested; a short account will then be given of the latest discoveries in this branch of research, and of the manner in which they affect the problems at issue.
The Bovidae are divided into a number of sections, or subfamilies, each of which is briefly noticed in the present article, while fuller mention of some of the more important representatives of these is made in other articles.
Before entering on a detailed description of the several provinces of Arabia, our sources of information will be briefly indicated.
We shall now briefly describe Comte's principal conceptions in sociology, his position in respect to which is held by himself, and by others, to raise him to the level of Descartes or Leibnitz.
He there speaks very briefly and slightingly of life insurance, probably because it was then regarded as impious by religionists of his complexion.
The Anoplura or lice should not be included among the Hemiptera, but it has been thought convenient to refer briefly to them at the close of this article.
The crowns of this latter set were the personal crowns made to fit the different wearers, and are those which have been briefly described.
Comte, Spencer, Bagehot, Durkheim and Giddings, for example, refer to it, if at all, only briefly and incidentally; they conceive society as an organism, or at all events as a growing whole, no one part or force being the cause of all others, and all interacting; society is not the product of any agreement or of force alone, but of a vast variety of interests, desires and needs.
Briefly, the duty of maintaining industries was made obligatory, and in the last resort the military authorities were empowered to take them over, though this was not likely to happen as long as the high prices continued and the Government supplied raw materials.
The first investigates mathematical facts relating to the earth as a whole, its figure, dimensions, motions, their measurement, &c. The second part considers the earth as affected by the sun and stars, climates, seasons, the difference of apparent time at different places, variations in the length of the day, &c. The third part treats briefly of the actual divisions of_the surface of the earth, their relative positions, globe and map-construction, longitude, navigation, &c. Varenius, with the materials at his command, dealt with the subject in a truly philosophic spirit; and his work long held its position as the best treatise in existence on scientific and comparative geography.
Further details respecting priestly offices and hereditary priesthoods and the relation of Aaronids to Zadokids will be found briefly discussed in Ency.
The extracts were intended by Stobaeus for his son Septimius, and were preceded by a letter briefly explaining the purpose of the work and giving a summary of the contents.
The results given in the second volume of the Exercices are of too miscellaneous a character to admit of being briefly described.
First, however, it is necessary to describe briefly the origin and previous history of these romantic freebooters who during the second half of the th century were the determining factor of Polish and Muscovite politics.
The Schoolmen devoted most of their attention to Aristotle, and we may here briefly note the successive stages in their gradually increasing knowledge of his works.
Before touching on the salient points in the subsequent centuries, in connexion with the leading nations of Europe, we may briefly note the cosmopolitan position of Erasmus (-), who, although he was a native of the Netherlands, was far more closely connected with France, England, Italy, Germany and Switzerland, than with the land of his birth.
Henceforth Absalon was the chief counsellor of Valdemar, and the promoter of that imperial policy which, for three generations, was to give Denmark the dominion of the Baltic. Briefly, it was Absalon's intention to clear the northern sea of the Wendish pirates, who inhabited that portion of the Baltic littoral which we now call Pomerania, and ravaged the Danish coasts so unmercifully that at the accession of Valdemar one-third of the realm of Denmark lay wasted and depopulated.
For though the Reformers were critical of the authority of ecclesiastical tradition in the matter of  His arguments are stated briefly (and in order to be refuted) by Jerome in his commentary on Daniel.
Unfortunately, difficulties, either (i.) of reading, or (ii.) of interpretation, or (iii.) of arrangement, have been raised with regard to nearly all of them; and these difficulties must be briefly noticed here.
It now remains to notice briefly a few of the more important events in the history of logarithmic tables subsequent to the original calculations.
In  he had brought out a primer of religion dealing briefly with the Decalogue, the Creed and the Lord's Prayer; and Justus Jonas, Johannes Agricola and other leaders had done something of the same kind.
Huxley in  briefly suggested the arboreal origin, or primordial treehabitat of all the marsupials, a suggestion abundantly confirmed by the detailed studies of Dollo and of Bensley, according to which we may imagine the marsupials to have passed through (r) a former terrestrial phase, followed by () a primary arboreal phase - illustrated in the tree phalangers - followed by () a secondary terrestrial phase - illustrated in the kangaroos and wallabies - followed by () a secondary arboreal phase - illustrated in the tree kangaroos.
Dr Rutherford stated the case briefly and pointedly in the preface to his translation of the Epistle to the Romans (London, ).
The central section of the Great Plains, between latitudes  and , occupying eastern Colorado and western Kansas, is, briefly stated, for the most part a dissected fluviatile plain; that is, this section was once smoothly covered with a gently sloping plain of gravel and sand that had been spread far forward on a broad denuded area as a piedmont deposit by the rivers which issued from the mountains; and since then it has been more or less dissected by the erosion of valleys.
He could very easily write in different styles at different times, now avoiding hiatus and now not, sometimes writing diffusely and sometimes briefly, partly polishing and partly leaving in the rough, according to the subject, his own state of health or humour, his age, and the degree to which he had developed a given topic; and all this even in the same manuscript as well as in different manuscripts, so that a difference of style between different parts of a work or between different works, explicable by one being earlier than another, does not prove either to be not genuine.
Their point is to stretch Hume's phenomenalism so as to embrace all science, by contending that mechanism is not at the bottom of phenomena, but is only the conceptual shorthand by aid of which men of 'science can briefly describe phenomena, and that all science is description and not explanation.
The story of the succeeding centuries may briefly be described as in general a process of return to the ethnographical conditions which prevailed before the migration period.
The history of the order and its subsequent division into the two branches of Austria and Spain may be briefly summarized.
The chemistry of lichens is very complex, not yet fully investigated and can only be very briefly dealt with here.
These four years were perhaps the most miserable and degrading in Swedish history (an age of lead succeeding an age of gold, as it has well been called) and may be briefly described as alternations of fantastic jacobinism and ruthless despotism.
Moses Kimhi was the author of a Hebrew grammar, known - after the first three words - as Mahalak Shebile Ha-daat, or briefly as Mahalak.
Briefly, it prevents the dealing with the right of presentation as a thing apart from the advowson itself; increases the power of the bishops to refuse the presentation of unfit persons, and removes several abuses which had arisen in the transfer of patronage.
As the excavations at Cnossus are discussed at length in the article Crete, it must suffice here briefly to enumerate the more important.
Besides a valuable account of the principal sacred sites of Judaea, Samaria and Galilee as they existed in the th century, he also gives important information as to Alexandria and Constantinople, briefly describes Damascus and Tyre, the Nile and the Lipari volcanoes, and refers to the caliph Moawiya I .
Having briefly spoken of the divine nature in the terms of Greek philosophy, Aristides proceeds to ask which of all the races of men have at all partaken of the truth about God.
The histories of the earlier prophets, which had occasionally been briefly touched on in the first period, are now related, sometimes at great length.
Fungi Algae Bryophyta Pteridophyta Phanerogamia Gymnosperms Angiosperms Algae in this wide sense may be briefly described as the aggregate of those simpler forms of plant life usually devoid, like the rest of the Thallophyta, of differentiation into root, stem and leaf; but, unlike other Thallophyta, possessed of a colouring matter;.
These elements are, briefly stated, () a strong partiality for subjects dealing with humble life, in country and town, with the fun of taverns and village greens, with that domestic life in the rough which goes to the making of the earlier farces in English and French; () a whimsical, elfin kind of wit, delighting in extravagance and topsy-turviness; () a frank interest in the pleasures of good company and good drink.
It will throw very useful light upon the intellectual level in the Buddhist community just after the earliest period, and upon literary life in the valley of the Ganges in the th or sth century B.C., if we briefly explain what the tractates in this collection contain.
He published a Journal of the Siege of Louisbourg (), and The Conduct of General William Shirley Briefly Stated ().
Of the three regions of India thus briefly surveyed, the first, or the Himalayas, lies for the most part beyond the British frontier, but a knowledge of it supplies the key to the ethnology and history of India.
We will briefly notice the case of two degrees, which involves an interesting generalization of the method (already explained) of compounding rotations about intersecting axes.
The graphical methods of determining the moment of inertia of a plane system of particles with respect to any line in its plane may be briefly noticed.
It may be of interest to refer briefly to one or two main principles which govern theadjustment of general average, i.e.
These are, briefly speaking, the decay of those great fabrics, church and empire, which ruled the middle ages both as ideas and as realities; the development of nationalities and languages; the enfeeblement of the feudal system throughout Europe; the invention and application of paper, the mariner's compass, gunpowder, and printing; the exploration of continents beyond the ocean; and the substitution of the Copernican for the Ptolemaic system of astronomy.
It will be well to describe briefly, but in detail, what this meeting of the modern with the ancient mind effected over the whole field of intellectual interests.
In this he considers briefly the best means of peaceable resistance to the policy of the ministry, but even at that early date faces frankly and fully the probable final necessity of resisting by force, and endorses it, though only as a last resort.
Thomson also developed this hypothesis in a profoundly interesting manner, and we may therefore summarize very briefly the views held on the nature of electricity and matter at the beginning of the th century by saying that the term electricity had come to be regarded, in part at least, as a collective name for electrons, which in turn must be considered as constituents of the chemical atom, furthermore as centres of certain lines of self-locked and permanent strain existing in the universal aether or electromagnetic medium.
As Bacon's conduct in this emergency seriously affected his fortunes and has been much misunderstood, it is necessary to state, as briefly as possible, the whole facts of the case.
On the first opportunity Bacon rose and briefly pointed out that the earl's plea of having done nothing save what was absolutely necessary to defend his life from the machinations of his enemies was weak and worthless, inasmuch as these enemies were purely imaginary; and he compared his case to that of Peisistratus, who had made use of a somewhat similar stratagem to cloak his real designs upon the city of Athens.
In The Man of the Mask () Monsignor Barnes, while briefly dismissing Mr Lang's identification with Martin, and apparently not realizing the possibility of reading Louvois's letter of July ,  , as indicated above  deals in detail with the history of James de la Cloche, the natural son of Charles II.
Briefly, after successive gains and losses, not only Erivan was taken from Persia but Tabriz also, and finally, through the intervention of Sir John Macdonald, the English envoy, a new treaty was concluded at Turkmanchai, laying down the boundary between Russia and Persia.
The two first of these were vested in the sovereign, who might be a woman, and who shared the legislative power with two chambers, the Camara dos Pares or House of Peers, and the Camara dos Deputados or House of Commons; these were collectively styled the Corks Geraes, or more briefly the Conies.
The Coelentera may thus be briefly defined as Metazoa which exhibit two embryonic cell-layers only, - the ectoderm and endoderm, - their body-cavities being referable to a single cavity or coelenteron in the endoderm.
Instead of the wearisome prolixity and the misplaced pedantry which make the latter almost unreadable, we find the old tales briefly and simply told.
The events of the next six years of his life, from May  to May , may be briefly recapitulated.
The remaining years of Petrarch's life, important as they were for the furtherance of humanistic studies, may be briefly condensed.
An account of his helicoptere or screw model appeared in the Aeronaut for January , but before giving a description of it, it may be well to state very briefly what is known regarding the history of the screw as applied to the air.
As an introduction to the discussion of the natural regions into which England is divided (Section II.), and for the sake of comparison of altitudes, size of rivers and similar details, the salient geographical features may be briefly summarized.
Some of the main points it illustrates may be briefly stated here, the reader being referred for further information to Huxley's Essays.
There only remains to be briefly noticed the relation of philosophy to theology and the nature of what is called Philosophy of Religion.
After briefly reviewing the present condition of the canonical texts and collections, he pointed out its inconvenience, referred to the many requests from the episcopate, and decreed the preparation of a general code of canon law.
A number (other than I) which has no factor except itself is called a prime number, or, more briefly, a prime.
He stated briefly and dogmatically the principal points of the Christian faith and the Roman Catholic policy, and concluded by calling upon Atahuallpa to become a Christian, obey the commands of the pope, give up the administration of his kingdom, and pay tribute to Charles V., to whom had been granted the conquest of these lands.
Briefly stated, these acts, which had been originated during the Protectorate of Cromwell, and continued after the Restoration, reserved the whole coasting trade of the country for British vessels and British seamen, and much of the foreign trade for British vessels, commanded and chiefly manned by British subjects.
Briefly stated, his proposal was that no child under nine years of age should be employed in a factory, and that no young person under eighteen should be employed for more than twelve hours a day.
The Hessian A has just been spoken of as a covariant of the form u; the notion of invariants and covariants belongs rather to the form u than to the curve u=o represented by means of this form; and the theory may be very briefly referred to.
Perhaps the largest part, in volume, of De Morgan's writings remains still to be briefly mentioned; it consists of detached articles contributed to various periodical or composite works.
Hill of Washington expounded a new and beautiful method for dealing with the problem of the lunar motions, Adams briefly announced his own unpublished work in the same field, which, following a parallel course had confirmed and supplemented Hill's.
The seasonal changes in the distribution of the bank-waters in different parts of the coast are too complex to be briefly explained; their relations to the times of occurrence of various fisheries of the region present many remarkable features, which have been investigated in recent years by the Swedish Commission.
Some of the more striking adaptive modifications in the gametophyte and sporophyte, and certain effects of altered external conditions which have been ascertained experimentally, may be briefly mentioned.
The main existing groups of the Filicaceae may now be briefly described, with special reference to the characters of gametophyte and sporophyte, which have been found of value in determining affinities.
Let us assume the conditions prevailing upon a bonanza farm of  acres, and briefly describe the process of wheat production from the ploughing of the land to the delivery of the grain in the final market.
Before concluding this sketch of the development of English ethical thought from Hobbes to the thinkers of the th century, it will be well to notice briefly the views held by different moralists on the question of free-will, - so far, that is, as they have been put forward as ethically important.
Our next step must be briefly to examine the intellectual condition of savages, that is, of races varying from the condition of the Andaman Islanders to that of the Solomon Islanders and the ruder Red Men of the American continent.
The extent of her benefactions during her long and active life can only be briefly indicated; but the baroness must remain a striking figure in the social history of Victorian England, for the thoughtful and conscientious care with which she "held her wealth in trust" for innumerable good objects.
Briefly, he proposed a governor and two chambers - an Assembly elected by the people for three years, and a Senate - the governor and senate holding office for life or during good behaviour, and chosen, through electors, by voters qualified by property; the governor to have an unqualified veto on federal legislation; state governors to have a similar veto on state legislation, and to be appointed by the federal government; the federal government to control all militia.
It was in this paper that the principle of the dissipation of energy, briefly summarized in the second law of thermodynamics, was first stated.
We must begin by briefly considering this southern Palaeozoic province if we would trace the Mesozoic floras to their origin, and obtain a connected view of the vegetation of the globe as it existed in late Palaeozoic times and at the beginning of the succeeding era.
It is impossible to consider in detail this long period in the history of plant-evolution, but we may briefly pass in review the most striking features of the vegetation as exhibited in the dominant types of the various classes of plants.
There are a few points suggested by a general survey of the Mesozoic floras, which may be briefly touched on in conclusion.
To understand the reasons for this, it is necessary briefly to recapitulate the course of events in that country since Gordon had left it in .
In works such as Pareira's Elements of Materia Medica and Therapeutics (), the physiological effects of medicines are usually described, but very briefly as compared with the materia medica.
A few of the most important clay rocks, such as china-clay, brick-clay, red-clay and shale, may be briefly described here.
Dulce watched briefly, but after a failed attempt to get Alondra to leave the childish game behind, she stalked away.
The ground began to level and they were able to hurry their descent, but only briefly before a second near-perpendicular drop again necessitated a detour.
He kissed her forehead, the tip of her nose and then paused briefly on her lips with a light tantalizing brush.
Why she was drawing his likeness in the park, and how she remembered his every feature after seeing him so briefly in a dark bar.
I also want to briefly challenge organizations on the revolutionary left such as the SWP who are critical of feminism and women's autonomy.
I briefly contemplated hauling them out of the house before opening their presents, but it really would not have been fair.
Co-star Bonaduce had his own drug and personal problems, but eventually became a successful radio announcer and briefly hosted a syndicated talk show.
Agrippa's contribution is briefly discussed below and his theories received a new lease of life in nineteenth century astrology and occultism.
But the good clairvoyant will still see the other rays, albeit briefly overlaid by this dominant ray and its color.
Liverpool rallied briefly and Hastie sent a shot over the bar before keeper Cope made a superb last-ditch tackle to thwart Thomas.
Add the garlic clove and bay leaf, and fry briefly over medium heat until the garlic just starts to brown.
The K lynx is supplied with an additional eight-page K User Manual, which briefly explains each of the new commands.
Here it take a sharp right becoming Paisley's inner Ring Road and briefly multiplexes with the A (bound for Glasgow ).
Masks were only used briefly during a choral ode in which the women all chanted ' let loose the birds of war ' .
Beat in the mascarpone briefly and then gently fold in half the crushed praline and nearly all the raspberries saving a few for decoration.
Andy Murray briefly raised our pulses, but then finished with a whimper and Tim Henman was more pussycat than tiger this year.
The reggae rhythms reflected the sound of the streets of London, where reggae rhythms reflected the sound of the streets of London, where reggae briefly became the Punk fans second music of choice.
In the first stanza, Gunn briefly introduces the general premiss of the poem, which is fully developed in the fourth stanza.
Doors and Windows Lock all doors, close all windows and shut the sunroof every time you leave your car unattended - however briefly.
I would also like to comment briefly on what I perceive as a subtle negative undertone with respect to contribution of the private sector.
Passing briefly over the conclusions arrived at in the Meditations, it deals in its second, third and fourth parts with the general c l principles of physical science, especially the laws of motion, with the theory of vortices, and with the phenomena of heat, light, gravity, magnetism, electricity, &c., upon the earth.
The Arabs usually designate Jerusalem by names expressive of holiness, such as Beit el Makdis and El Mukaddis or briefly El Kuds, i.e.
A Grand Commission, which might be called a consultative parliament, composed of  members of all classes - officials, nobles, burghers and peasants - and  To assist the reader in threading the genealogical maze briefly described above, the following tabular statement is inserted (I.) Michael, founder of the Romanov dynasty (-).
Briefly, where a man of another race might not improbably commit suicide, a Malay runs amok, killing all whom he may meet until he himself is slain.
Briefly, the chief fish of Japan are the bream (tai), the perch (suzuki), the mullet (bora), the rock-fish (hatatate), the grunter (oni-o-koze), the mackerel (saba), the sword-fish (tachi-uwo), the wrasse (kusabi), the haddock (tara), the flounder (karei), and its congeners the sole (hiranie) and the turbot (ishi-garei), the shad (namazu), the salmon (shake), the mash, the carp (koi), the funa, the gold fish (kzngyo), the gold carp (higoi), theloach (dojo), the herring (nishin) the iwashi (Clu pea melanosticta), the eel (unagi), the conger eel (anago), the coffer-fish (hako-uwo), the fugu (Tetrodon), the ai (Plecoglossus altivelis), the sayori (Heminamphus sayoni), the shark (same), the dogfish (maiiuka-zame), the ray (e), the sturgeon (chO-lame) and the maguro (Thynnus sibi).
Briefly speaking, the NO was a dance of the most stately character, adapted to the incidents of dramas which embrace within their scope a world of legendary lore, of quaint fancies and of religious sentiment.
They may briefly be summed up as a belief in one God whose most characteristic attribute is universal benevolence, in the moral government of the universe, and in a future state of man making up for the imperfections and repairing the inequalities of the present life.
Both of these papal secretaries were mentioned in complimentary terms by Erasmus in his celebrated dialogue, the Ciceronianus (), in which no less than one hundred and six Ciceronian scholars of all nations are briefly and brilliantly reviewed, the slavish imitation of Cicero denounced, and the law laid down that " to speak with propriety we must adapt ourselves to the age in which we live - an age that differs entirely from that of Cicero."
For the more special characteristics of the individual prophets, reference must be made to the separate articles devoted to each; it is impossible to do more here than summarize briefly the literary structure of their various books.
The belts of structure and the cycles of erosion thus briefly described are recognizable with more or less continuity from the Gulf of St Lawrence i  m.
We proceed to summarize briefly the contents of that portion of the Collection which has survived, mentioning separately certain propositions which seem to be among the most important.
We propose hereto notice briefly the several parts of a flowering plant, and to point out the rationale of the cultural procedures connected with them (see the references to separate articles at the end of article on Botany).
Tools (see illustrations I to i).The history of tools is a very large subject which needs to be studied for all countries; the various details of form are too numerous to specify here, but the general outline of tools used in Egypt may be briefly stated under general and special types.
The reggae rhythms reflected the sound of the streets of London, where reggae briefly became the Punk fans second music of choice.
She left to pursue a solo venture in , briefly reuniting with the band for its th anniversary in the mid s.
The savagery of battle pauses briefly to allow the snatched happiness of the wedding before the desperate flight from anger and betrayal.
Describe briefly to the Magistrate 's bench that you need a summons under section  of the Environmental Protection Act .
Stir briefly until softened then add  x g cans drained butter beans and  tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary and cook until heated through.
If you accidentally touch it briefly, there probably won't be any negative effects, but if you touch it for an extended period of time, skin damage could result.
This article will briefly discuss what to look for when buying laptops, and give a bit of background to help you avoid the trap of salesmen who seek mostly to make the most of their commission.
In the case of a couple who has been married briefly and/or has little in the way of property to divide between them, this can be a viable option.
This article will briefly describe how wind power works before showing you where you can find your own wind power kits for the home.
If you choose the rubber stopper kind of jar, you can drop the rubber ring into boiling water briefly, but it best to find a replacement if it has been used before.
Hope was briefly restored in the s when an international investment group came to the area in search of a perfect location for a ski area.
Bullying is often briefly covered in many health textbooks, so you may want to go into more detail about it.
Another way to form a character cake is to bake several normal cakes, freeze them briefly, and cut shapes from them to form characters.
Bake a rectangular cake with the pan, let the cake cool, and freeze it briefly to firm up the shape.
After growing up in Massapequa, Long Island, he briefly attended the State University of New York at Oswego before transferring to Queens College.
Custody of Michael Jackson's three children was briefly an issue, along with all of the financial issues that had plagued the singer in life.
Melissa Rycroft, who was recently and briefly engaged to The Bachelor star Jason Mesnick, has announced that she is once again engaged, this time to boyfriend Tye Strickland.
Peniche was briefly engaged to Backstreet Boys member Aaron Carter - their engagement lasted a full six days before the pair split.
Sandra Bullock has been linked to several famous men, including actor Tate Donovan, whom she sated for four years and was briefly engaged to.
She briefly hit the nighttime soap opera scene on TV's Dynasty in the mid-s and acted in other s TV fare.
Joshua Tell Warner - Warner briefly appeared on the reality show Deadliest Catch in , and viewers recognized him as the burglar who had previously robbed three Oregon banks.
Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony had been friends since the s, after they worked on several music videos together and had even dated briefly.
This article will briefly introduce you to Dethklok before telling you where to find Dethklok guitar tabs on the Internet and in print form.
The use of the moon accompanied by a female form appeared in Art Nouveau jewelry and briefly in the s.
Once you have gone as far as you can go, the game will pause briefly and your character will be wearing a new t-shirt.
If you don't make a move for a long time, the game will automatically give you a hint by briefly animating two relics that could be swapped.
In many areas, it will briefly show you the route you will need to take to get through difficult areas.
After exploring the inner canyon briefly, all five students were perspiring heavily, and more than half of their drinking water was already gone.
Briefly, the social learning theory approach claims that humans develop morality by learning the rules of acceptable behavior from their external environment, an essentially behaviorist approach.
Physical contact or holding of the newborn may take place briefly while the mother is on the operating table if the baby is stable.
Time-out-A discipline strategy that entails briefly isolating a disruptive child in order to interrupt and avoid reinforcement of negative behavior.
At the age of six months, infants can typically hold on to a small block briefly, and many have started banging objects.
A baby who is receiving sufficient oxygen through the placenta moves around and the monitor strip will show the baby's heart rate rising briefly as he or she moves.
After each individual pulse, the technician pressed the spot briefly with her gloved finger to help dissipate the pain, and she also kept up a running commentary about her progress so the client knew what to expect.
A sonogram picture claiming to be baby Brangelina was briefly listed on eBay.com, but quickly pulled by website officials after it was determined to be in violation of their policy on celebrity materials.
In most cases you should urinate briefly and either hold the test stick under your urine stream or collect urine in a cup before dipping the test strip into the cup.
The salt may take too much water out of the skin, so it is helpful to bathe briefly, especially during pregnancy.
It was also the boyhood home of baseball legend Joe DiMaggio and he and Marilyn Monroe lived in the neighborhood briefly while they were married.
As of December , there were  different Nerf N Strike guns being produced by Hasbro . Each is described briefly below.
Madonna also wore the iconic "Boy Toy" briefly during the Borderline video, but it was more prominent in her Like a Virgin look.
HauteLook is free to join, and you'll get a heads-up on sales that will be briefly featured on the site, so you can plan ahead.
You'll want to wait briefly between dips, and you can even hang your tapers between dips if you're making several candles at once.
You needn't worry about confining your costume only to Christmas - there are events throughout the year when one can wear such costumes and briefly be part of a Victorian world.
We briefly hooked up again, and some comments were said that ended it.Even though we didn't keep in touch over those numerous years, we were always great friends, picking up like no time had passed.
This dating service allows you to listen to voice messages left by other people briefly describing themselves and leave your own message in response if you'd like to chat with them further.
In September , Kathy Henley, an employee at Puckett's Wrecker Service, noticed an odd image appear briefly on the security camera.
Watch carefully for when the beast turns its head to the side to briefly look back at the vehicle chasing it.
The animal appeared to be some sort of hairless canine, but as it briefly turned its head to the side to look behind, the snout appeared to be out of proportion for a dog or coyote.
Those who drive over the bridge at night often discover the man briefly sitting beside them in the passenger seat.
She began her tenure as Nancy on April ,  and although she left the show briefly and has been dropped to recurring status once in the early s, she's played Nancy Hughes for more than  years.
His sister Ellie was briefly married to Kirk Anderson and his youngest sister Meg has been married to Josh (Lily's father and adopted Snyder cousin), Tonio Reyes, Craig Montgomery and Paul Ryan.
The second season was interrupted briefly by the Writer's Strike that began in November of  and ended in February, .
Neighbours aired briefly in the United States on Oxygen in early , but it couldn't compete with higher-rated soaps such as The Young and the Restless and All My Children, and was quickly removed from the cable network's line-up.
If Lynn Herring could get one wish for her characters it would be to come back to GH albeit just briefly to say a proper goodbye to the characters.
Scott returned to The Young and the Restless in , but left again briefly during Braeden's contract difficulties when Braden's Victor left town with Scott's Nikki.
Although the tip of the Baja had been briefly inhabited by native tribes and by Spanish explorers, the first permanent village at Cabo was established as recently as .
During this session the participant will briefly be introduced to the history and philosophy of yoga, study and practice the basic yoga postures with correct body alignment, and learn about breath and movement.
If your time in the service has little relevance to the employment opportunity you're applying for or was some time ago, state it briefly under a separate heading for "Military Service."
They can be long-winded and tedious when listening to someone ramble on before they briefly encounter a point that they want to make.
The you should continue straight into your cover letter by introducing yourself briefly and describing your interest in the advertised position.
Hold briefly in this position (arms at  degrees), and then lift the dumbbells back up again for a repeat.
To perform this move, step onto the raised platform, bringing your opposite knee up towards your chest briefly before placing that foot back on the floor and stepping down.
Hold the pose briefly before exhaling and returning to your starting position.If you find this pose too difficult at first, you can use a strap to hold up your legs until you become stronger.
You should be able to meet briefly with an attorney for a consultation at no charge or for a minimal fee.
Even though garters were briefly considered old-fashioned, many women have fallen in love with them again for their undeniable allure.
Abdul's Idol future appeared to be threatened briefly, when expelled contestant Corey Clark from season  resurfaced and claimed to have had an affair with Abdul.
Frusicante briefly quit the band as they rose to prominence in the late s and early s, unwilling to deal with the pressures of fame.
After leaving the Hoboken Four and briefly working as a singing waiter, band leader Harry James invited him to join the group.
Joel actually worked briefly as a piano man in Los Angeles, and his experiences there were the inspiration for his hit Piano Man.
John Hembree was briefly brought in to replace him, but Davis returned to the group five months after departing, in time to take part in most of the touring for the band's debut release.
He made his way north to New York and began touring that part of the country, meeting fellow musicians like The Isley Brothers and briefly playing in their back-up band.
A typical episode starts with a recap of the previous episode and briefly checks in with some of the contestants as to their feelings on the competition.
He proposed, and the two briefly took up residence together, but Grant apparently got cold feet and moved to an apartment of his own.
