
I always knew when she wished me to bring her something, and I would run upstairs or anywhere else she indicated.
I only know that I sat in my mother's lap or clung to her dress as she went about her household duties.
Then she happened to remember that in a corner of her suit-case were one or two crackers that were left over from her luncheon on the train, and she went to the buggy and brought them.
The nearest that I came to actual possession was when I bought the Hollowell place, and had begun to sort my seeds, and collected materials with which to make a wheelbarrow to carry it on or off with; but before the owner gave me a deed of it, his wife--every man has such a wife--changed her mind and wished to keep it, and he offered me ten dollars to release him.
If someone notices that she gets a headache when she eats MSG—or artichokes, or grasshoppers—that first-person, anecdotal experience will shape her nutritional philosophy.
New England can hire all the wise men in the world to come and teach her, and board them round the while, and not be provincial at all.
If he had simply ignored her, she might have been able to get her emotions under control, but now a sob threatened so convincingly that she was afraid to breathe.
In a quiet room with no one looking on, she managed to get her emotions under control by focusing on Destiny.
In the future, every single person will have at his or her disposal the sum total of the life experience of everyone alive.
She gave it to him and, unpleasant as it was to her to do so, ventured to ask him what her father was doing.
The same evening that the prince gave his instructions to Alpatych, Dessalles, having asked to see Princess Mary, told her that, as the prince was not very well and was taking no steps to secure his safety, though from Prince Andrew's letter it was evident that to remain at Bald Hills might be dangerous, he respectfully advised her to send a letter by Alpatych to the Provincial Governor at Smolensk, asking him to let her know the state of affairs and the extent of the danger to which Bald Hills was exposed.
He was respectful of her concerns, but they didn't see eye-to-eye on any of it - except the fact that they both wanted another child.
They put her through college and it was her intent to stay with them as long as they needed her.
He had indicated enough times that he would like to see her in something a little more feminine and fashionable.
Alondra and Felipa were watching her intently, and even Señor Medena seemed to be interested in what their life was like at home.
Alex put the paper down and turned toward her, sliding an arm behind her on the back of the couch.
When Señor Medena introduced the girl as his daughter, Carmen caught her breath and looked at Alex for an explanation.
Alex helped the man get the luggage into the trunk and then hurried to assist Carmen into the car before the man could touch her.
Alex climbed into the car beside Carmen and placed his arm protectively on the back of the seat behind her neck.
Señor Medena was watching Alex, but from the corner of her eye Carmen could see Alex was looking out the window.
He asked her to go back to Houston with him, enticing her with rides on the beach - and love all night.
Alex retrieved her from Felipa and shifted her so that she sat on his arm, one of her arms around his neck.
Actually, she hadn't thought how it looked to others - and there had never been any doubt in her mind that she was fortunate to have Alex.
If she was invited, it was as a guest of Alex, so he would tell her when and if he decided to go.
Then we will all go down together and Maria can get acquainted with her while you are measured for a dress.
Then they caressed their way up her side, his thumb sliding under her bra and gently up the curve of her breast.
Her figure was not as well developed as Alondra or Dulce, but she looked nice in the style and color.
The man, or boy, couldn't have been more than twenty, yet his steps were as sure as the hands that whirled her around the room.
Yet he too was an excellent dancer - or maybe everyone's dancing skills were so much better than hers that it only appeared so to her.
Other than the one time he had lost his temper with her, she had never known him to be anything but gentle.
For a moment her heart beat overtime and it looked as though she might fall, but Alex smoothly caught her and stepped around, covering her fumbling so well that no one appeared to notice.
If it had been for both of them, they would have invited some of her friends - like Katie and Bill.
I think everyone was guilty of staring at her at least once - if for no other reason, wondering if she was going to fall out of her dress.
A part of her might never forgive him for what he did... and that was a dark part of her personality that she didn't want him to see.
Alex had raced to her rescue because he knew she was too naïve to realize what his father was doing.
In fact, at the party he had spent an unnecessary amount of time with the woman he almost married – and hadn't even introduced her.
