
The head of the family, Count Ilya Rostov, continually drove about the city collecting the current rumors from all sides and gave superficial and hasty orders at home about the preparations for their departure.
I told her that in my opinion the child ought to be separated from the family for a few weeks at least--that she must learn to depend on and obey me before I could make any headway.
I very soon made up my mind that I could do nothing with Helen in the midst of the family, who have always allowed her to do exactly as she pleased.
Both he and his family dressed well; they had plenty to eat; he had even bought a horse to help him carry his produce to market.
For instance, if you think large corporation are greedy and evil, then when you read about how large corporations produce low-nutrition food or are putting family farms out of business, you will believe it.
After his interview with Pierre in Moscow, Prince Andrew went to Petersburg, on business as he told his family, but really to meet Anatole Kuragin whom he felt it necessary to encounter.
For the most part, the work she did for the Giddon family was little more than she would have done at home - with the exception that at home she probably would have made a sandwich instead of a meal.
And with a Frenchman's easy and naive frankness the captain told Pierre the story of his ancestors, his childhood, youth, and manhood, and all about his relations and his financial and family affairs, "ma pauvre mere" playing of course an important part in the story.
Farther down the hill, on the left, on the old road in the woods, are marks of some homestead of the Stratton family; whose orchard once covered all the slope of Brister's Hill, but was long since killed out by pitch pines, excepting a few stumps, whose old roots furnish still the wild stocks of many a thrifty village tree.
At first the family felt some constraint in intercourse with Prince Andrew; he seemed a man from another world, and for a long time Natasha trained the family to get used to him, proudly assuring them all that he only appeared to be different, but was really just like all of them, and that she was not afraid of him and no one else ought to be.
Alpatych, having sent his family away, was alone at Bald Hills and was sitting indoors reading the Lives of the Saints.
But this he was unable to do, for he received tidings that the French had unexpectedly advanced, and had barely time to remove his own family and valuables from his estate.
Moreover, his whole attention was engrossed by watching the family circle--separated from all else-- formed by the men in the battery.
In , in the United States of America, the poverty threshold for a single person under sixty-five was about $, a year; the threshold for a family group of four, including two children, was about $, a year.
The whole family, whom he had formerly judged severely, now seemed to him to consist of excellent, simple, and kindly people.
During his stay at Bald Hills all the family dined together, but they were ill at ease and Prince Andrew felt that he was a visitor for whose sake an exception was being made and that his presence made them all feel awkward.
In contrast with the dread felt by the infantrymen placed in support, here in the battery where a small number of men busy at their work were separated from the rest by a trench, everyone experienced a common and as it were family feeling of animation.
The men soon accepted Pierre into their family, adopted him, gave him a nickname ("our gentleman"), and made kindly fun of him among themselves.
There was great rejoicing in the family that morning, but no one, not even the doctor, knew that I should never see or hear again.
That charm was not expressed so much in his relations with him as with all his family and with the household.
One evening, when Tammy was in bed and the three of them were relaxing in the family room, the telephone rang.
At ten o'clock that evening the Rostov family and the wounded traveling with them were all distributed in the yards and huts of that large village.
That night, for the first time in more than a week, she tossed and turned in the bed, her sleep interrupted by memories of her family.
Anyway, with all the money in his family and the good looks as well, he couldn't hold a candle to Brandon in the charm department.
We were rolling in euphoria when an old friend from my Amherst, Massachusetts childhood telephoned with an invitation to visit her family cabin in New Hampshire.
With a baby on the way, Quinn's and Martha's top priority was a locality where they could raise a family in a large and comfortable home.
The new canine member of our family was a happy little feller with a fair dose of Cocker Spaniel in his genealogy.
Real estate records were scoured for any known relative of the now deceased murderer in an attempt to locate family owned property, a difficult chore as mother Grasso wedded three men and lived with countless others.
She meant what she said; she had no friends, but a long time ago, she'd had one whose family had a summer cottage near the coast.
I only ask this of you, my dearest Joshua; that you not tell my family how I lived, and that you mourn not my passing.
The word on the street is he works for a crime family in Boston and hires out for special proj­ects.
He had spent his career in the city, the last seven months investigating the crime family as a part of a special task force.
The family likes the stupid ones; they're too dumb to pull a double cross and if they overhear something, chances are they won't know what's being discussed.
I assume the Colombians think the family tried to rip them off and the family figures it the other way around.
He was resigned to quietly reading a book until Mrs. Porter the housekeeper showed up a day early, accommodating a family wedding, and Dean's peace began competing with the sounds of a vacuum cleaner and Mrs. Porter's radio music, even worse junk than Fred's usual selections.
Some guy out on a yacht with his family spotted the body floating in the middle of the bay and hauled it in like Hemingway's fish.
The Colombians don't want to deal now because they don't trust the family and the family doesn't trust the Colombians.
He spoke of family barbecues and a week's vacation on the Jersey shore, kids growing up and Christmas eggnog shared.
Tommy DeLeo and his wife had invited them both over for a family cookout but Dean didn't want to be around someone else's comfortable world when his was a tossed salad.
He told her about Cynthia and she talked about someone named Jack who was a med student whose family thought she was a jerk and they both decided life was too damned complicated and lots of the times it sucked, but not at times like this.
Belonging to a noble family, he was educated under the best masters, and particularly excelled in poetry and polite literature.
This is a force for peace, as more and more people have family members in more than one culture and share the interests of more than one nationality.
In the savage state every family owns a shelter as good as the best, and sufficient for its coarser and simpler wants; but I think that I speak within bounds when I say that, though the birds of the air have their nests, and the foxes their holes, and the savages their wigwams, in modern civilized society not more than one half the families own a shelter.
Cato says, the master of a family (patremfamilias) must have in his rustic villa "cellam oleariam, vinariam, dolia multa, uti lubeat caritatem expectare, et rei, et virtuti, et gloriae erit," that is, "an oil and wine cellar, many casks, so that it may be pleasant to expect hard times; it will be for his advantage, and virtue, and glory."
On one of his foraging expeditions, in a deserted and ruined village to which he had come in search of provisions, Rostov found a family consisting of an old Pole and his daughter with an infant in arms.
Talking of my family affairs he said to me, the chief duty of a true Mason, as I have told you, lies in perfecting himself.
Now the other sister, though they are the same family, is quite different-- an unpleasant character and has not the same intelligence.
After the first feeling of perplexity aroused in the parents by Berg's proposal, the holiday tone of joyousness usual at such times took possession of the family, but the rejoicing was external and insincere.
If I don't sleep for three nights I'll not leave this passage and will hold her back by force and will and not let the family be disgraced, thought she.
He hurried to find the family of that civil servant in order to restore the daughter to her mother and go to save someone else.
Involuntarily he noticed a Georgian or Armenian family consisting of a very handsome old man of Oriental type, wearing a new, cloth- covered, sheepskin coat and new boots, an old woman of similar type, and a young woman.
Remembering her friendly relations with all the Rostovs which had made her almost a member of the family, she thought it her duty to go to see them.
She did not understand why he spoke with such admiration and delight of the farming of the thrifty and well- to-do peasant Matthew Ermishin, who with his family had carted corn all night; or of the fact that his (Nicholas') sheaves were already stacked before anyone else had his harvest in.
Besides the Bezukhov family, Nicholas' old friend the retired General Vasili Dmitrich Denisov was staying with the Rostovs this fifth of December.
All the grown-up members of the family were assembled near the round tea table at which Sonya presided beside the samovar.
He turned and left the room, his boots clicking across the tile floor and then fading as he moved across the hardwood family room floor and down the hall.
She watched from the family room window as he wolfed the food - a habit that had prompted Cade to dub him Scruffy.
The next morning, after Cade left, she threw a roast in the oven and eagerly set to work on the family room.
Cade answered the door and ushered his sister into the family room where Cynthia was doing some last minute dusting.
I want to go to a place where I can settle with my family and feel we truly belong to the community.
I have the least rewarding job of any of us so my desires are directed to family and this mind boggling venture Howie is taking us on.
Just that someone in his family had a place near the beach, up the coast, and no one used it.
Her tortured thoughts went to the thousands of men, killed by the only family she'd known, whose souls were trapped for eternity beneath the ground.
That's up to other people, not us, but I can tell you we'll miss you terribly and we'd love to have you stay a part of our family.
Ma Reynolds - Mums, was the undisputed matriarch of the Reynolds family, and she made it clear that Lori would be treated with respect.
These things were on Carmen's mind as she settled into one of the chairs set up in the family room.
And Dad, worn out from working the farm all day; disgruntled by years of fighting a losing battle with nature - of never having enough money to take care of his family properly.
To his surprise, the entire Reynolds family welcomed the decision and insisted that Josh would have wanted it that way.
For all her ability to manipulate the minds of others, she couldn't push the memory of her family from her own thoughts.
She didn't think she'd fall asleep with the thoughts of her family and Darian's body close enough to make hers tingle with more than warmth.
A traitor, she'd no longer be recorded on any obelisk in the immortal world, even her own family's, especially the way Damian killed her.
As the lower ranking of the married couple, the name of Jenn's betrothed was added to her family's record, indicating he was likely the son of another servant.
I thought the nobles were jealous that I took her as my bride, instead of a daughter from a more prominent family.
She'd never forgiven herself for leaving her family, and she'd never given herself permission to move on and be happy.
She didn't expect her life to change quite so fast or to be accepted into the White God's family with such ease.
For now, he couldn't fathom an existence in a home filled with a family when he'd lost his other half.
She'd lost a family and a world, only to discover the other half of her soul in the man before her.
Was the tiny kingdom strong enough to help him seek his revenge against those who had imprisoned him beneath ground and killed his family?
He insisted I stay within the walls, never take a life, remain faithful first to my people, second to my family.
His friend was dying and instead of getting the support he needed from his family, he had been sworn to silence.
It would be nice to be at his side when he talked to Alondra, but at this point he probably felt she wasn't part of the family.
It was time for him to make his own mark on the world – settle down with some nice girl and raise a family like his father had.
Born to a wealthy merchant family, she'd been disowned when it became known what kind of deformed child she bore.
Her body wouldn't be placed in a funeral pyre or surrounded by family and friends who bore her gifts one last time.
Fleetingly, she registered the familiar scent of pine trees and grass and thought of how long it had been since she visited her family.
The herds, which are led by females, appear in general to be family parties; and although commonly restricted to from thirty to fifty, may occasionally include as many as one hundred head.
In Africa the name of flying-squirrel is applied to the members of a very different family of rodents, the Anomaluridae, which are provided with a parachute.
He belonged to a noble family of Scotch descent, tracing its origin to Walter Stutt, who in  accompanied the earls of Buchan and Douglas to the court of France, and whose family afterwards rose to be counts of Tracy.
On the strength of these works he offered himself as a candidate for the university chair of jurisprudence, but as he had no personal or family influence was not elected.
His father, who was descended from an old untitled noble family and possessed a small estate, was by profession an advocate.
Though the family lost most of its possessions during the Mahratta invasion in the th century, it never became tributary to any Malwa chief.
Both still exist, but the school has been deprived of its house, and the Fitzwilliam family, who now own the lands, still continue to pay only £ a year.
The city confers the title of marquis on the Osorio family, the ruins of whose palace, sacked in  by the French, are still an object of interest.
His grandfather, Gregorio Brunacci, of an ancient family of Pisa, had changed his name in order to become heir to a certain marchese di Consalvi.
At his father's death in  Rudolph inherited the family estates in Alsace, and in  he married Gertrude, daughter of Burkhard III.
He had a large family, but only one of his sons, Albert, afterwards the German king Albert I., survived him.
Other problems connected with his family interests served to complicate the situation and eventually to prevent the successful consummation of many of his plans.
Charles took Florence and the Medici family under his protection and promised to punish all enemies of the Catholic faith.
The Ibn Tibbon family thus rendered conspicuous services to European culture, and did much to further among Jews who did not understand Arabic the study of science and philosophy.
By early writers the word was generally given as an equivalent of the Linnaean Loxia, but that genus has been found to include many forms not now placed in the same family.
The cardinal grosbeak, or Virginian nightingale, Cardinalis virginianus, claims notice here, though doubts may be entertained as to the family to which it really belongs.
The name "firefly" is often applied also to luminous beetles of the family Lampyridae, to which the well-known glow-worm belongs.
This Robert Livingston, founder of the American family, became in  secretary of the important Board of Indian Commissioners; he was a member of the New York Assembly in-and - and its speaker in -, and in  made the proposal that all the English colonies in America should be grouped for administrative purposes "into three distinct governments."
The Livingston family then led the Dissenters, who later became Whigs, and the De Lancey family represented the Anglican Tory interests.
The tradition was steadily followed and was extended to some ladies of the imperial family and even to imperial favourites.
His father, Johann Reinhold Forster, a man of great scientific attainments but an intractable temper, was at that time pastor of the place; the family are said to have been of Scottish extraction.
Portocarrero was induced to become a supporter of the French party, which desired that the crown should be left to one of the family of Louis XIV., and not to a member of the king's own family, the Habsburgs.
From  to  the duchy remained vested in the French family of La Tour d'Auvergne, one of whom (Henry, viscount of Turenne and marshal of France) had married in  Charlotte de la Marck, the last of her race.
Concerning his second marriage, it suffices to say that the Baroness Imhoff was nearly forty years of age, with a family of grown-up children, when the complaisant law of her native land allowed her to become Mrs Hastings.
In , after the extinction of the two senior lines of this family, the Sulzbach branch became the senior line, and its head, the elector Charles Theodore, inherited Bavaria in .
Members of the family were also margraves of Brandenburg from  to , and kings of Sweden from  to .
On the th of April , he married Lady Frances Cecil, sister of the earl of Essex, his first wife having died in the previous year leaving no family.
He was destined by his family for the church, but entered business, and became a partner in a firm at Lyons for which he travelled in the Levant, in Italy, Spain and Portugal.
Godollo is the summer residence of the Hungarian royal family, and the royal castle, built in the second half of the th century by Prince Anton Grassalkovich, was, with the beautiful domain, presented by the Hungarian nation to King Francis Joseph I.
In its vicinity is the famous place of pilgrimage Maria-Besnyd, with a fine Franciscan monastery, which contains the tombs of the Grassalkovich family.
This was done without delay, and the pension was continued to his wife and family after his death, which occurred on the rd of May .
When he was three years old his family was driven out of Holland by the French republican armies, and lived in exile until .
He was, according to his enemies, the son of an apothecary, his father being in fact a doctor of medicine of respectable family, who kept a small drug store as part of the necessary outfit of a country practitioner.
Joachim Descartes, his father, having purchased a commission as counsellor in the parlement of Rennes, introduced the family into that demi-noblesse of the robe which, between the bourgeoisie and the high nobility, maintained a lofty rank in French society.
The first of these occasions was in order to settle family affairs after the death of his father in .
The second brief visit, in , partly on literary, partly on family business, was signalized by the award of a pension of  francs, obtained from the royal bounty by Cardinal Mazarin.
The Roman emperors recognized it as a free state, and in the middle ages it was called Stampalia, and belonged to the noble Venetian family of Quirini.
On the th of January , he was crowned the first Russian tsar by the metropolitan of Moscow; on the rd of February in the same year he selected as his wife from among the virgins gathered from all parts of Russia for his inspection, Anastasia Zakharina-Koshkina, the scion of an ancient and noble family better known by its later name of Romanov.
His fathers took a prominent part in Athenian politics, and in  held high command in the Greek squadron which annihilated the remnants of Xerxes' fleet at Mycale; through his mother, the niece of Cleisthenes, he was connected with the former tyrants of Sicyon and the family of the Alcmaeonidae.
His youth, spent at the Neapolitan court, was far from blameless, and it is not certain that he was married to the mother of his numerous family.
Fleeming Jenkin was educated at first in Scotland, but in  the family went to live abroad, owing to financial straits, and he studied at Genoa University, where he took a first-class degree in physical science.
Each then took a part, a family connexion was established, and the broken die served as a symbol of recognition; thus the members of each family found in the other hosts and protectors in case of need.
Many cases occur where such an office was hereditary; thus the family of Callias at Athens were proxeni of the Spartans.
This powerful family possessed for many generations before  B.C. the privilege of furnishing the Tagus, or generalissimo, of the combined Thessalian forces.
The majority of the species belong to the family Pulicidae, of which P. irritans maybe taken as the type; but the order also includes the Sarcopsyllidae, the females of which fix themselves firmly to their host, and the Ceratopsyllidae, or bat-fleas.
On the birth of Avicenna's younger brother the family migrated to Bokhara, then one of the chief cities of the Moslem world, and famous for a culture which was older than its conquest by the Saracens.
The only genuine division of the Albanian race is that of Ghegs and Tosks; the Liaps, who inhabit the district between the Viossa and the sea, and the Tshams or Chams, who occupy the coast-land south of the Kalamas, are subdivisions of the Tosk family.
So stringent are the obligations of hospitality that a household is bound to exact reparation for any injury done to a guest as though he were a member of the family.
Their hereditary chiefs, or capidans, belong to the family known as Dera e Jon Markut (the house of John Marco), which has ruled for  years and is supposed to be descended from Scanderbeg.
It is a Treatise on Trigonometry, by a Scotsman, James Hume of Godscroft, Berwickshire, a place still in possession of the family of Hume.
Finding them in a neglected state, amongst my family papers, I have bound them together, in order to preserve them entire.-Napier, th March ."
The office, Mark Napier states, is repeatedly mentioned in the family charters as appertaining to the "pultre landis" near the village of Dene in the shire of Linlithgow.
With regard to the spelling of the name, Mark Napier states that among the family papers there exist a great many documents signed by John Napier.
His own children, who sign deeds along with him, use every mode except Napier, the form now adopted by the family, and which is comparatively modern.
His father was one of a Yorkshire family who, for three generations, had been supporters of the Evangelical movement in the Church of England.
The Correggio family never managed to keep possession of it for long, and in  they sold it to the Visconti (who constructed a citadel, La Rocchetta, in , of which some remains exist on the east bank of the river, while the later ate du Pont may be seen on the west bank), and from them it passed to the Sforza.
The only exception to this rule is that no member of a royal family which has once reigned in France can be elected.
In times of peace the carroccio was in the keeping of some great family which had distinguished itself by signal services to the republic.
In  the grandson of his brother George was created a baronet, and from him the title has descended to the Smith family of the present day.
The first family is that of the true or American opossums- Didelphyidae, in which there are five pairs of upper incisors, while the feet are of the presumed primitive arboreal type, the hind foot having the four outer toes subequal and separate, with the first opposable to them all.
From all other members of the family the marsupial, or banded, ant-eater (Myrmecobius fasciatus) differs by the presence of more than seven pairs of cheek-teeth in each jaw, as well as by the exceedingly long and protrusile tongue.
The one species, from Western Australia, is the largest member of the family, being about the size of a rabbit, to which it bears sufficient superficial resemblance to have acquired the name of "native rabbit" from the colonists.
A separate family, Notoryctidae, is represented by the marsupial mole (Notoryctes typhlops), of the deserts of south Central Australia, a silky, golden-haired, burrowing creature, with a curious leathery muzzle, and a short, naked stumpy tail.
With the exception of the aberrant long-snouted phalanger, the members of the family Phalangeridae have the normal number of functional incisors, in addition to which there may be one or two rudimentary pairs in the lower jaw.
The remaining members of the family may be included in the sub family Phalangerinae, characterized by the normal nature of the dentition (which shows redimentary lower canines) and tongue.
From the Oligocene deposits of France and southern England have been obtained numerous remains of opossums referable to the American family Didelphyidae.
Of the Old World forms, the family Triconodontidae is typified by the genus Triconodon, from the English Purbeck, in which the cheek-teeth carry three cutting cusps arranged longitudinally.
Besides the above, in the Trias of North America we have Dromotherium and Microconodon, extremely primitive forms, representing the family From Owen.
The reigning family, however, became extinct when Duke Julius Francis died in September , and there were at least eight claimants for his duchy, chief among them being John George III., elector of Saxony, and George William, duke of Brunswick-Luneburg-Celle, the ancestors of both these princes having made treaties of mutual succession with former dukes of Saxe-Lauenburg.
The Béarnaise family named Besiade moved into the province of Orleanais in the th century, and there acquired the estate of Avaray.
They were again confiscated in , but were restored to the Orleans family by the National Assembly after the Franco-German War.
There is evidence in the languages, too, which supports the physical separation from their New Zealand neighbours and, therefore, from the Polynesian family of races.
They neither manufactured nor possessed any chattels beyond such articles of clothing, weapons, ornaments and utensils as they might carry on their persons, or in the family store-bag for daily use.
There was an almost entire cessation of building, and a large number of houses in the chief cities remained untenanted, the occupants moving to lodgings and more than one family living in a single house.
As early as the beginning of the th century Ameland was a lordship of the influential family of Cammingha who held immediately of the emperor, and in recognition of their independence the Amelanders were in  declared to be neutral in the fighting between Holland and Friesland, while Cromwell made the same declaration in  with respect to the war between England and the United Netherlands.
He purchased from the family of Neleus of Skepsis in the Troad manuscripts of the works of Aristotle and Theophrastus (including their libraries), which had been given to Neleus by Theophrastus himself, whose pupil Neleus had been.
In  he was appointed consul at Rotterdam, and in the following year transferred to Malaga, the place of origin of his mother's family.
He withdrew (April ) first to his residence at Breda, and then to the ancestral seat of his family at Dillenburg in Nassau.
In the course of centuries, however, they were absorbed into the Babylonian population; the kings adopted Semitic names and married into the royal family of Assyria.
The family of Thun-Hohenstein, one of the wealthiest of the Austrian nobility, which has for more than  years settled at Tetschen, in Bohemia, has given several distinguished members to the Austrian public service.
Like the rest of his family, he belonged to the Federalist party, and his appointment in  as governor of Bohemia was the cause of grave dissatisfaction to the German Austrians.
The homestead of a householder or head of a family to the value of $ is, so long as it continues to be used as the homestead, exempt from levy or attachment other than upon causes existing at the time it was acquired and for taxes.
Garrod in  and  who finally divested the Family of these aliens, but until examples of some of the other genera have been anatomically examined it may not be safe to say that they all belong to the Pteroptochidae.
It owes its name either to its early paper and grist mills (Milton being abbreviated from Milltown) or to Milton Abbey, Dorset, whence members of the Tucker family came, it is supposed, to Milton about .
His mother was descended from a family named Styward in Norfolk, which was not, however, connected in any way, as has been often asserted, with the royal house of Stuart.
In  fitful communication was restored by the then representative of the Ogasawara family, only to be again interrupted until , when an unsuccessful attempt was made to establish a Japanese colony at Port Lloyd.
According to Agathangelus, Tiridates went to Rome with Gregory, Aristaces, son of Gregory, and Albianos, head of the other priestly family, to make a pact with Constantine, newly converted to the faith, and receive a pallium from Silvester.
Having friends among the government party, including members of the Beresford family, he was enabled to make terms with the government, and in return for information as to what had passed between Jackson, Iowan and himself he was permitted to emigrate to America, where he arrived in May  .
His journals, which were written for his family and intimate friends, give a singularly interesting and vivid picture of life in Paris in the time of the directory.
Their descendants are known as the senior and junior branches of the family, and since  each has ruled his 'own portion as a separate state, though the lands belonging to each are so intimately entangled, that even in Dewas, the capital town, the two sides of the main street are under different administrations and have different arrangements for water supply and lighting.
This family quarrel occasioned the intervention of Philip Augustus, king of France, who succeeded in possessing himself of a large part of the country, which was annexed to the royal domains under the name of Terre d'Auvergne.
He, however, protected the royal family against the violence of the mob and, on the th of August, even attempted to bring about a reconciliation, but his efforts were frustrated by Marie Antoinette.
The earliest recorded count of Dammartin was a certain Hugh, who made himself master of the town in the th century; but his dynasty was replaced by another family in the th century.
In the th century power was at last concentrated in the Baglioni family, who, though they had no legal position, defied all other authority.
It is state-law; alike self-help, blood-feud, marriage by capture, are absent; though family solidarity, district responsibility, ordeal, the lex talionis, are primitive features that remain.
The amelu was a patrician, the man of family, whose birth, marriage and death were registered, of ancestral estates and full civil rights.
If a holder would sell, the family had the right of redemption and there seems to have been no time-limit to its exercise.
Originally, perhaps, each town clustered round one temple, and each head of a family had a right to minister there and share its receipts.
As the city grew, the right to so many days a year atone or other shrine (or its " gate ") descended in certain families and became a species of property which could be pledged, rented or shared within the family, but not alienated.
In addition, the communes have a right to levy a, surtax not exceeding % of the quota levied by the state upon lands and buildings; a family tax, or fuocatico, upon the total incomes of families, which, for fiscal purposes, are divided into various categories; a tax based upon the rent-value of houses, and other taxes upon cattle, horses, dogs, carriages and servants; also on licences for shopkeepers, hotel and restaurant keepers, &c.; on the slaughter of animals, stamp duties, one-half of the tax on bicycles, &c. Occasional sources of interest are found in the sale of communal property, the realization of communal credits, and the contraction of debt.
Early in the th century the papacy fell into the hands of a noble family, known eventually as the counts of Tusculum, who almost succeeded in rendering the office hereditary, and in uniting the civil and ecclesiastical functions of the city under a single member of their house.
This, while the elder branch of the Hauteville family still held the title and domains of the Apulian duchy; but in , upon the death of his cousin Duke William, Roger united the whole of the future realm.
His glove was carried to his cousin Constance, wife of Peter of Aragon, the last of th great Norman-Swabian family.
After quarrelling with the French king, Philip le Bel, he fell into the hands of the Colonna family at Anagni, and died, either of the violence he there received or of mortification, in October .
At Ravenna we find the Polenta family, at Rimini the Malatestas, at Parma the Rossi, at Piacenza the Scotti, at Faenza the Manfredi.
The last member of the Visconti family of whom we had occasion to speak was Azzo, who bought the city in  from Duchy of Louis of Bavaria.
The last scions of the Della Scala family still reigned in Verona, the last Carraresi in Padua; the Estensi were powerful in Ferrara, the Gonzaghi in Mantua.
The necessities of war and foreign affairs soon placed Florence in the power of an oligarchy headed by the great Albizzi family.
Instead of opposing Francesco Sforza in Milan, he lent him his prestige and influence, foreseeing that the dynastic future of his own family and the pacification of Italy might be secured by a balance of power in which Florence should rank on equal terms with Milan and Naples.
The Este family received a confirmation of their duchy of Modena and Reggio, and were invested in their fief of Ferrara by the pope.
Of free commonwealths there now survived only Venice, which, together with Spain, achieved for Europe the victory of Lepanto in ; Genoa, which, after the ineffectual Fieschi revolution in , abode beneath the rule of the great Doria family, and held a feeble sway in Corsica; and the two insignificant republics of Lucca and San Marino.
The Roman army (, men) was commanded by General Rosselli, and included, besides Garibaldis red-shirted legionaries, volunteers from all parts of Italy, mostly very young men, many of them wealthy and of noble family.
A further cause of resentment was Austrias attitude towards the Vatican, inspired by the strong clerical tendencies of the imperial family, and indeed of a large section of the Austrian people.
For the earlier period their authorities were state and family records - above all, the annales maximi (or annales pontificum), the official chronicle of Rome, in which the notable occurrences of each year from the foundation of the city were set down by the pontifex maximus.
C. Licinius Macer (died ), who has been called the last of the annalists, wrote a voluminous work, which, although he paid great attention to the study of his authorities, was too rhetorical, and exaggerated the achievements of his own family.
He can farm, keep cattle, and marry or send for his family, but he cannot leave the settlement or be idle.
Such are the " guard-polyps " (machopolyps) of Plumularidae, which are often regarded as individuals of the nature of dactylozoids, but from a study of the mode of budding in this hydroid family Driesch concluded that the guard-polyps were not true polyp-individuals, although each is enclosed in a small protecting cup of the perisarc, known as a nematophore.
In this order the radial canals are represented only by wide gastric pouches, and in the family Solmaridae are suppressed altogether, so that the tentacles and the festoons of the ring-canal arise directly from the stomach.
The medusae, on the other hand, have the tentacles in four tufts of (in the buds) five each, and thus resemble the medusae of the family Margelidae.
It has been asserted that the tentaculocysts are entirely ectodermal and that either the family should be placed amongst the Leptomedusae, or should form, together with certain Leptomedusae, an entirely distinct order.
Solmaris, Pegantha, Polyxenia, &c. To this family should be referred, probably, the genus Hydroctena, described by C. Dawydov [a] and regarded by him as intermediate between Hydromedusae and Ctenophora.
Risings broke out at Urbino and in Romagna, and the papal troops were defeated; Cesare could find no allies, and it seemed as though all Italy was about to turn against the hated family, when the French king promised help, and this was enough to frighten the confederates into coming to terms. Most of them had shown very little political or military skill, and several were ready to betray each other.
He was of good family, and after studying at the university of Naples he entered the public service, and was for many years employed in the office of the administration of finances.
All the Malagasy lemurs, which agree in the structure of the internal ear, are now included in the family Lemuridae, confined to Madagascar and the Comoro Islands, which comprises the great majority of the group. The other families are the Nycticebidae, common to tropical Asia and Africa, and the Tarsiidae, restricted to the Malay countries.
Till recently the aye-aye was regarded as representing a family by itself - the Chiromyidae; but the discovery that it resembles the other lemurs of Madagascar in the structure of the inner ear, and thus differs from all other members of the group, has led to the conclusion that it is best classed as a subfamily (Chiromyidae) of the Lemuridae.
When, therefore, in , Mr Stowe was elected to a professorship in Bowdoin College, Brunswick, Maine, and removed his family thither, Mrs Stowe was prepared for the great work which came to her, bit by bit, as a religious message which she must deliver.
In  Professor Stowe accepted a professorship in the Theological Seminary at Andover, Massachusetts, and the family made its home there till , when he retired wholly from professional life and removed to Hartford.
His mother Domitia Calvilla (or Lucilla) was a lady of consular rank, and the family of his father Annius Verus (prefect of the city and thrice consul), originally Spanish, had received patrician rank from Vespasian.
The full name he then bore was Marcus Aelius Aurelius Antoninus, Aelius coming from Hadrian's family, and Aurelius being the original name of Antoninus Pius.
But after three months Cassius was assassinated, and his head was brought to Aurelius, who with characteristic magnanimity, persuaded the senate to pardon all the family of Cassius.
Sir John Clopton destroyed the house in  (as it had reverted to his family), and the mansion he built was in turn destroyed by Sir Francis Gastrell in .
The maiden name of the poet's mother was Mary Arden, and this name, that of an ancient county family, survives in the district north-west of Stratford, the Forest of Arden, though the true forest character is long lost.
For further information the reader should consult the Parentalia, published by Wren's grandson in , an account of the Wren family and especially of Sir Christopher and his works; also the two biographies of Wren by Elmes and Miss Phillimore; Milman, Annals of St Paul's (); and Longman, Three Cathedrals dedicated to St Paul in London (), pp.  seq.
Of the , inhabitants in  the Talyshes (,) form the aboriginal element, belonging to the Iranian family, and speaking an independently developed language closely related to Persian.
With Albert was associated his brother Gebhard, and another member of the family was Johann Gebhard, elector of Cologne from  to .
The Mansfeld family became extinct in  on the death of Josef Wenzel Nepomuk, prince of Fondi, the lands being divided between Saxony and Prussia.
The stem in this family falls into two divisions, an underground portion bearing rhizoids and scales, the rhizome, and a leafy aerial stem forming its direct upward continuation.
On the other hand, it is rich in Cornpositae, especially Solidago and A ster, Polemoniaceae, Asciepiadaceae, Hydrophyllaceae and Cyperaceae, and it has the endemic Sarracenia, type of a family structurally allied to poppies, of which of the remaining genera Darlingtonia is Californian, and Heliamphora Venezuelan.
The Argan tree (A rgania Sideroxylon), which forms forests in Morocco, is a remarkable survivor of a tropical family (Sapotaceae).
Probably in point of number of species the preponderant family is Orchideae, though, as Hemsley remarks, they do not give character to the scenery, or constitute the bulk of the vegetation.
Nearly related to myrtles are Melastomaceae which, poorly represented in the Old World, have attained here so prodigious a development in genera and species, that Ball looks upon it as the seat of origin of the family.
In  he received Bayreuth as his share of the family lands, and as the chief town of his principality was Kulmbach he is sometimes referred to as the margrave of Brandenburg-Kulmbach.
The royal family, especially the queen and the infanta Isabella, often stayed at Segovia, and Torquemada became confessor to the infanta, who was then very young.
This time the family refused to condone his proceedings; he was tried with his confederates at Lancaster assizes, March , convicted, and sentenced to three years' imprisonment in Newgate.
Some naturalists would add the finches (Fringillidae), rightly if we assume that the Ploceidae or weavers constitute a separate family.
The most extraordinary feature is unquestionably the former existence of the gigantic Dinornithes or moas and, another family of Ratitae, the weird-looking kiwis or Apteryges, which are totally unlike any other existing birds.
Most interesting is the avifauna of the Sandwich islands; entirely devoid of Psittaci and of Coraciiformes, these islands show an extraordinary development of its peculiar family Drepanidae, which are probably of South or Central American descent.
Its most distinctive characteristic is the presence of the birds of paradise, which are almost peculiar to it; for, granting that the bower-birds, Chlamydodera and others, of Australia, belong to the same family, they are far less highly specialized than the beautiful and extraordinary forms which are found, within very restricted limits, in the various islands of the subregion.
This is a state of things which exists nowhere else; for except in Australia, where a few indigenous and peculiar low non-Oscines are found, and in the Nearctic country, whither one family of Clamatores, viz.
First in point of importance comes the extraordinarily beautiful family of humming-birds (Trochilidae), with nearly  genera (of which only three occur in the Nearctic region) and more than  species.
There is no family of birds common to the Nearctic area and the Antillean subregion without occurring also in other parts of the Neotropical region, a fact which proves its, affinity to the latter.
Restricted to and peculiar to the subregion is only the little Oscine family of Chamaeidae, restricted to the coast district of California.
Like the Nearctic the Palaearctic subregion seems to possess but one single peculiar family of land birds, the Panuridae, represented by the beautiful species known to Englishmen as the bearded titmouse, Panurus biarmicus.
The Oriental Subregion comprises all the countries and numerous islands between the Palaearctic and Australian areas; it possesses upwards of seventy families, of which, however, only one is peculiar, but this family, the Eurylaemidae or broadbills, is of great importance since it represents all the Subclamatores.
But out of the copies of Norfolk deeds and records collected for Thomas, earl of Arundel, in the early part of the th century, it seems clear enough that he sprang from a Norfolk family, several of whose members held lands at Wiggenhall near Lynn.
He left his wife for a mistress, Elizabeth Holland, was in discord with his family, and lived to see his two nieces, Anne Boleyn and Catherine Howard, and his son Surrey, the fiery-tempered poet, go in turn to the block.
In answer to his petition for the dukedom, the king had, on the th of June , given him a patent of the earldom of Norfolk, in order, as it would seem, to flatter him by suggesting that the title of Norfolk would at least be refused to any other family.
His own family, especially, suffered from his fits of jealousy; his eldest son was slain, and the eyes of his other children were put out, by his orders.
As a soldier he fought in the Franco-German War, after which he was for some years tutor to one of the princes of the German imperial family.
At all stages of religious development, however, and more especially in the case of the more primitive types of cult, prayer as thus understood occurs together with, and shades off into, other varieties of observance that bear obvious marks of belonging to the same family.
When the midsummer vacation arrived, he was preparing to set out with his family to Fox How in Westmoreland, where he had purchased some property and built a house.
The Marquis Lodovico Gonzaga of Mantua had for some time been pressing Mantegna to enter his service; and the following year, , was perhaps the one in which he actually established himself at the Mantuan court, residing at first from time to time at Goito, but, from December  onwards, with his family in Mantua itself.
Some of his early Mantuan works are in that apartment of the Castello which is termed the Camera degli Sposi - full compositions in fresco, including various portraits of the Gonzaga family, and some figures of genii, &c. In  he went to Rome at the request of Pope Innocent VIII., to paint the frescoes in the chapel of the Belvedere in the Vatican; the marquis of Mantua (Federigo) created him a cavaliere before his departure.
The fact that many of the most important works were written in Arabic, the vernacular of the Spanish Jews under the Moors, which was not understood in France, gave rise to a number of translations into Hebrew, chiefly by the family of Ibn Tibbon (or Tabbon).
In America the name of dace is also applied to members of other genera of the family; the "horned dace" (Semnotilus atromaculatus) is a well-known variety.
The Ahom language is the oldest member of the Tai branch of the Siamese-Chinese linguistic family of which we have any record.
His father, who was physician to the constable Charles of Bourbon, sent him to study at Toulouse, whence at the age of eighteen he was driven, a consequence of the evil fortunes of the family patron, to Padua, where he studied law and letters for about six years.
The D e Mohun family were overlords of the town from  to the th century, when they were followed by the Luttrells, who are the present owners.
Land for farming purposes is expensive, and wages are high, leaving small profit, unless it happens that a man, with his family to assist him, works his own land.
The Charruas are generally classified as a yellow-skinned race, of the same family as the Pampa Indians; but they are also represented as tanned almost black by the sun and air, without any admixture of red or yellow in their complexions.
Its nature may differ widely according to the causes which have led to the establishment of the distinction between family and family in each particular case.
When one branch of a family was admitted and one shut out we have an analogy to the patrician and plebeian Claudii, though the distinction had come about in quite another way.
This again was not at the outset an exclusive right of the crown; it was common for a leader in battle to grant to some one not of his family, who had specially distinguished himself, the right to bear the whole or part of his coat of arms, differenced or undifferenced.
During his residence in Germany Lomonosov married a native of the country, and found it difficult to maintain his increasing family on the scanty allowance granted to him by the St Petersburg Academy, which, moreover, was irregularly sent.
It was originally founded by the Doria family of Genoa about , but was occupied by the house of Aragon in  , who held it successfully against various attacks until it fell to the house of Savoy with the rest of Sardinia in .
The public buildings include the cathedral (), the government palace, the municipal palace, the episcopal palace, the church of Santa Ana, a national theatre, a school of arts and trades, a foreign hospital, the former administration building of the Canal Company, Santo Tomas Hospital, the pesthouse of Punta Mala and various asylums. The houses are mostly of stone, with red tile roofs, two or three storeys high, built in the Spanish style around central patios, or courts, and with balconies projecting far over the narrow streets; in such houses the lowest floor is often rented to a poorer family.
Bede states that Radwald was the son of Tytili, the son of Wuffa, from whom the East Anglian royal family derived their name Wuffingas.
The Amphizoidae, for example, a small family of aquatic beetles, are known only from western North America and Eastern Tibet, while an allied family, the Pelobiidae, inhabit the British Isles, the Mediterranean region, Tibet and Australia.
It is remarkable that these organs are found in similar positions in genera belonging to widely divergent families, while two genera of the same family may have them in different positions.
Stridulating organs among beetle-larvae have been noted, especially in the wood-feeding grub of the stag-beetles (Lucanidae) and their allies the Passalidae, and in the dung-eating grubs of the dor-beetles (Geotrupes), which belong to the chafer family (Scarabaeidae).
In the Triassic rocks of Switzerland remains of weevils (Curculionidae) occur, a family which is considered by many students the most specialized of the order.
In the Coleoptera we have to do with an ancient yet dominant order, in which there is hardly a family that does not show specialization in some point of structure or life-history.
The Paussidae are a very remarkable family of small beetles, mostly tropical, found only in ants' nests, or flying by night, and apparently migrating from one nest to another.
The Lymexylonidae, a small family of this group, characterized by its slender, undifferentiated feelers and feet, is believed by Lameere to comprise the most primitive of all living beetles, and Sharp lays stress on the undeveloped structure of the tribe generally.
