
Sentences
But they were in great numbers, and the Champion could not shout much because he had to save his breath for fighting.
The statement is not there because you want the log per se but because the logging of the actions is what documents how much you need to pay.
But that's because I would be sharing the experience with another human being, and human beings form connections with other human beings.
Because human ability is distributed unevenly and technology multiplies ability of the talented, the spread between the rich and poor will rise more and more.
That is what we expect to be able to do, because it is theoretically possible in a hundred different ways.
The business looks at this new country and decides to move there because, from their standpoint, they can save costs and be more efficient.
And this thought occurred to him just because he himself desired a victim, something on which to vent his rage.
Moscow when occupied by the enemy did not remain intact like Berlin, Vienna, and other towns, simply because its inhabitants abandoned it and did not welcome the French with bread and salt, nor bring them the keys of the city.
The company should insure its workers because if uninsured workers end up in the ER, the burden falls on society, not the company.
He didn't tell her about the money because it would lead to questions - both about the money and the fact that he had been hiding it from her.
I refer to history extensively in these pages because I believe historical people are exactly like us, only in different circumstances.
It was because she seized the right moment to impart knowledge that made it so pleasant and acceptable to me.
It is because they do not obey the hint which God gives them, nor accept the pardon which he freely offers to all.
I knew the sky was black, because all the heat, which meant light to me, had died out of the atmosphere.
Having snapped at an officer for an unpolished badge, at another because his line was not straight, he reached the third company.
The peasants say that a cold wind blows in late spring because the oaks are budding, and really every spring cold winds do blow when the oak is budding.
I submit that the Internet is not defined in that way because it is a technology without an implicit purpose.
It would not take place because the commanders not merely all recognized the position to be impossible, but in their conversations were only discussing what would happen after its inevitable abandonment.
They could not believe it because they alone knew what their life meant to them, and so they neither understood nor believed that it could be taken from them.
It would be particularly pleasant to him to dishonor my name and ridicule me, just because I have exerted myself on his behalf, befriended him, and helped him.
Then I started worrying about how I was going to take care of the baby and how much it would miss because I didn't have the money to...
And because human nature changes either not at all or very slowly, people make the same choices over and over again.
Because television was radio with pictures, the first television shows were simply men in suits standing in front of microphones reading the news.
It all happened because of military pacts in which an attack on one party was viewed as an attack on all.
Twitter is profound, and it unquestionably furthers peace because it promotes the interests of the many against the interests of the few.
I always wondered if that was why Mom and Dad split up for a while - because Mom was used to a different lifestyle and social circle.
Loving him was no excuse, because even knowing he didn't love her, she still couldn't find the decency to leave.
It was a good thing Cade was with her, because she had no idea how to get back to the house.
I'd be lying if I didn't admit we have expenses and we're limited in what we can do because of real life restraints, but we're not in this for a golden purse.
The site is helpful in tracking the status of our tips because they keep asking questions until they get answers.
It is certain that I cannot always distinguish my own thoughts from those I read, because what I read becomes the very substance and texture of my mind.
I enjoy having a play described to me while it is being acted on the stage far more than reading it, because then it seems as if I were living in the midst of stirring events.
In  he received letters from his parents, in which they told him of Natasha's engagement to Bolkonski, and that the wedding would be in a year's time because the old prince made difficulties.
The tales passing from mouth to mouth at different ends of the army did not even resemble what Kutuzov had said, but the sense of his words spread everywhere because what he said was not the outcome of cunning calculations, but of a feeling that lay in the commander-in-chief's soul as in that of every Russian.
Because he doesn't want to get married and I'm not going to force him into it by making him feel guilty.
I just signed their death warrants, and you think I'd stoop so low as to point the gun at someone because I'm jealous?
That the skin around Wynn's eyes relaxed in genuine warmth made Gabe realize she'd survived partially because she really was different.
We will avoid war because it is unprofitable; and while that is not a moral reason, any reason that brings peace is fine by me.
It was thought advisable for me to have my examinations in a room by myself, because the noise of the typewriter might disturb the other girls.
I felt vaguely that they could not be good even if they wished to, because no one seemed willing to help them or to give them a fair chance.
I love the beautiful spring, because the budding trees and the blossoming flowers and the tender green leaves fill my heart with joy.
If they pay the tax from a mistaken interest in the individual taxed, to save his property, or prevent his going to jail, it is because they have not considered wisely how far they let their private feelings interfere with the public good.
The people only gave him power that he might rid them of the Bourbons and because they saw that he was a great man.
Natasha, that winter, had for the first time begun to sing seriously, mainly because Denisov so delighted in her singing.
Napoleon, riding to Valuevo on the twenty-fourth, did not see (as the history books say he did) the position of the Russians from Utitsa to Borodino (he could not have seen that position because it did not exist), nor did he see an advanced post of the Russian army, but while pursuing the Russian rearguard he came upon the left flank of the Russian position--at the Shevardino Redoubt--and unexpectedly for the Russians moved his army across the Kolocha.
He was dissatisfied because he knew by experience that if his patient did not die now, he would do so a little later with greater suffering.
As I understand your present life, I think you will always recall it with satisfaction, because the self-sacrifice that fills it now...
Apparently he found what he was looking for, because a smile touched the corners of his mouth and his eyes warmed.
His mother pushed him off on us because he stayed up here in New Hampshire because he stayed here a couple of summers growing and she thought visiting might jar something loose.
Other members of the defense bar would surely look closely if their clients were apprehended because of unverifiable tips and assail the source, if they could locate it.
Let's hope not because he'll try to take advantage of that and do his deeds where you can't pin-point the abduction exactly.
I volunteered no more information, nor did he want it, doubly so now that he might be suspected of having ties to us because of the frequent inquiries he made.
I can't say for sure because I'm on the outside, trying to look in and trying not to get caught, but they've pulled the curtain closed on me.
This ought to help the credibility issue; there's more to some tips than the police know, but haven't made public because it would enforce credence in a psychic connection for the tip.
She had not been reported missing because her mother lay dead in their small rural farm house over a hundred miles away.
Was it because all the stupid clones out there who read this trash lack the brains to come close to finding her?
I don't know what I mean except I can't stop dreaming of little children, all hurt and bleeding and I don't want to see them because it hurts too much, but I can't block them out!
I started to open the window to get out of there but I guess he heard me because he kicked down the door and grabbed me and cut me.
Specifically, a virus or bug passed to a pig is considered a huge threat in the medical community, because pigs can pass their diseases onto humans.
I thought it was strange, since Jimmy's the last person who would veer off course from your orders because you let him blow up whatever he wants and he doesn't wanna lose that.
You're just as mad at him because you think he hung you out to dry when he didn't answer your call the night Billy was killed.
It wasn't coming out the way she practiced it, maybe because Gabriel was sitting close enough that she wanted to lean against him instead of the bed and place his large hands on the parts of her body hidden by clothes.
The whole reason he'd avoided her was because of Wynn's warning – pleasure kills – a reminder that Deidre's tumor was connected to her emotions.
It was possible that Alex was making no progress with her because she actually didn't want what she was asking for.
Someone must have already been on the way because she passed two more patrol cars and found a third waiting for her at the store.
The doctor said it was unlikely because of the tests, but doctors had been wrong about tests on him before.
Later, as she looked down at his sleeping form, she was silently cursing the doctor because his diagnosis was correct, but for the wrong partner.
Mums was her first choice because of confidentiality issues, but there probably wasn't much romance at her age and after so many years of marriage.
It teaches compassion, because sitting on the bus, I know the person beside me is someday going to have to search his soul the same way I did, so I don't mind that he's spilling his coffee on my shoes.
A status check on their relationship, the one he hadn't told her he couldn't have, because he was trapped into mating with a formerly sadistic psychopath-turned-human he was trying hard not to kill.
Logan didn't deserve to be killed by a demon; Wynn didn't deserve to die because Gabriel didn't want anyone else around her.
The Mangaboos were much impressed because they had never before seen any light that did not come directly from their suns.
I think no matter what, energy costs will fall dramatically in the future, probably to near zero, because the economic incentives to unlock that technical puzzle are so overwhelming.
Everything would be better made because the best way to make a thing could be multiplied across all occurrences of the thing.
Simply because only so many jobs can, in theory, be replaced by machines does not imply anything about the ability of the people now doing them.
In fact, let's say his own mother considered donating the portrait he painted of her to Goodwill but decided not to because "the poor have enough problems already."
They don't really worry about whether playing polo or building orphanages or any other chosen pursuit can pay the bills, because they don't need it to pay the bills.
They should be advocating that genetically modified crops be created not because it would result in better looking strawberries, but because GM crops don't require fertilizer or pesticides.
Public opinion is ever more in the peace camp because the vast majority of the economy doesn't benefit financially in times of war.
The geometrical diagrams were particularly vexing because I could not see the relation of the different parts to one another, even on the cushion.
When I visit many strange countries my brother and Mildred will stay with grandmother because they will be too small to see a great many people and I think they would cry loud on the great rough ocean.
Helen's instincts are decidedly social; she likes to have people about her and to visit her friends, partly, I think, because they always have things she likes to eat.
Helen shook her head and spelled "Baby teeth--no, baby eat--no," meaning of course, "Baby cannot eat because she has no teeth."
Near the landing there is a beautiful little spring, which Helen calls "squirrel-cup," because I told her the squirrels came there to drink.
She enjoys punching holes in paper with the stiletto, and I supposed it was because she could examine the result of her work; but we watched her one day, and I was much surprised to find that she imagined she was writing a letter.
When I see that she is eager to tell me something, but is hampered because she does not know the words, I supply them and the necessary idioms, and we get along finely.
It is irksome because the process is so slow, and they cannot read what they have written or correct their mistakes.
This extract from one of Miss Sullivan's letters is added because it contains interesting casual opinions stimulated by observing the methods of others.
She is never fretful or irritable, and I have never seen her impatient with her playmates because they failed to understand her.
When she is riding in the carriage she will not allow the driver to use the whip, because, she says, "poor horses will cry."
I have found it best not to tell her that she cannot understand, because she is almost certain to become excited.
Helen told me that for a long time she had thought of Jack Frost as a king, because of the many treasures which he possessed.
Here goes lumber from the Maine woods, which did not go out to sea in the last freshet, risen four dollars on the thousand because of what did go out or was split up; pine, spruce, cedar--first, second, third, and fourth qualities, so lately all of one quality, to wave over the bear, and moose, and caribou.
I hesitate to say these things, but it is not because of the subject--I care not how obscene my words are--but because I cannot speak of them without betraying my impurity.
At the same time that we are earnest to explore and learn all things, we require that all things be mysterious and unexplorable, that land and sea be infinitely wild, unsurveyed and unfathomed by us because unfathomable.
Sometimes we are inclined to class those who are once-and-a-half-witted with the half-witted, because we appreciate only a third part of their wit.
Shall a man go and hang himself because he belongs to the race of pygmies, and not be the biggest pygmy that he can?
After all, the practical reason why, when the power is once in the hands of the people, a majority are permitted, and for a long period continue, to rule, is not because they are most likely to be in the right, nor because this seems fairest to the minority, but because they are physically the strongest.
We are accustomed to say, that the mass of men are unprepared; but improvement is slow, because the few are not materially wiser or better than the many.
When the majority shall at length vote for the abolition of slavery, it will be because they are indifferent to slavery, or because there is but little slavery left to be abolished by their vote.
A man has not everything to do, but something; and because he cannot do everything, it is not necessary that he should do something wrong.
He may keep me on duty every day, or may place me under arrest, but no one can make me apologize, because if he, as commander of this regiment, thinks it beneath his dignity to give me satisfaction, then...
He was not one of those many diplomats who are esteemed because they have certain negative qualities, avoid doing certain things, and speak French.
Because when once a man starts on military service, he should try to make as successful a career of it as possible.
Thou dreamest that thou art wise because thou couldst utter those blasphemous words, he went on, with a somber and scornful smile.
Shinshin, lowering his voice, began to tell the count of some intrigue of Kuragin's in Moscow, and Natasha tried to overhear it just because he had said she was "charmante."
A Frenchman is self-assured because he regards himself personally, both in mind and body, as irresistibly attractive to men and women.
A Russian is self-assured just because he knows nothing and does not want to know anything, since he does not believe that anything can be known.
But all these hints at what happened, both from the French side and the Russian, are advanced only because they fit in with the event.
These dispositions and orders only seem worse than previous ones because the battle of Borodino was the first Napoleon did not win.
But the mind of man not only refuses to believe this explanation, but plainly says that this method of explanation is fallacious, because in it a weaker phenomenon is taken as the cause of a stronger.
Above all, they were gay because there was a war near Moscow, there would be fighting at the town gates, arms were being given out, everybody was escaping--going away somewhere, and in general something extraordinary was happening, and that is always exciting, especially to the young.
The French followed him with astonishment in their eyes chiefly because Pierre, unlike all the other Russians who gazed at the French with fear and curiosity, paid no attention to them.
He had equipped himself with a mental telescope and looked into remote space, where petty worldliness hiding itself in misty distance had seemed to him great and infinite merely because it was not clearly seen.
Having taken precautions against the general drunkenness to be expected on the morrow because it was a great saint's day, he returned to dinner, and without having time for a private talk with his wife sat down at the long table laid for twenty persons, at which the whole household had assembled.
The children and their governesses were glad of Pierre's return because no one else drew them into the social life of the household as he did.
It was hard to say whether Alex was withholding facts so she couldn't contest his decisions or simply because he thought she did not need to know.
Then when she learned about Tessa's son, she was furious because he might inherit - even though I hadn't said anything to father.
Maybe it was the emotional high they were feeling because of the babies, but something seemed to have shifted their foundation.
It would have been humiliating if anyone had noticed, but no one seemed to pay much attention – probably because so many others were also drinking.
If Howard had not been able to find anything on Yancey, it was probably because there was nothing to tell.
All her plans were about to blow up – all this because she had allowed herself to be drawn into a relationship.
I know, and I guess I was deliberately a little evasive because I wanted you to learn to trust me.
But it didn't fit the man she had come to know, and she wasn't about to believe it simply because he hadn't made a pass at her yet.
We knew some of our tips never came to fruition simply because authorities lacked the probable cause to arrest the perpetrator.
We couldn't do anything because abduction wasn't made public for three days and the child went missing sometime during a twelve hour overnight period.
I immediately knew where I was; on the carousel because I was spinning slowly around while blue and red lights revolved around the room.
She felt the truth in his words, perhaps because their souls had touched when they first met the day before.
Just said he wanted it done soon because he wasn't taking any risks, even if she hadn't started transforming yet.
What if he was the only person on the planet that could ever touch her again because of her wacky visions?
It's also a bond that folks in my position have to be careful about taking on, because it leaves me vulnerable.
She shoved against him as hard as she could, knowing when he released her it was because he wanted to.
She couldn't stand the thought of seeing Selyn hurt, as much because of everything the girl had been through as the thought of hurting Darkyn.
I knew he had a spotted life before meeting my mother, but I figured he was secretive about his past simply because it gave him a sort of mystique.
I guess that shows they at least believed what they were doing was right—not just whacking you on the spur of the moment because they were mad as hell, taking their anger out on your backside.
And because some little snot-nose has a vivid imagination, or thinks it's fun to tell whoppers, I'm supposed to go traipsing off in some god-forsaken mine on the taxpayer's expense on a treasure hunt?
Ginger had—maybe is still having—an affair with her husband's brother, and if she isn't sleeping with their attorney it isn't because neither isn't trying.
I don't even like to say it because I don't have an ounce of evidence, but at the debate Fitzgerald said liquor had been found in Billy's vehicle.
I know this is far-fetched and I'm probably only fantasizing because I'm so pissed off at that son of a bitch Fitzgerald in general.
The WWW news was either negative or tardy because each took turns bickering at the other until Dean was ready to toss the entire family.
She took Joseph's gun along because she was afraid of bumping into a bear when she agreed to go up the mountain with Faust.
Not much beyond that, because, as she put it, she and Caleb didn't stick around 'cause the light went out almost at once.
Until you took my soul a few months ago, I was there because I loved you and for no other reason.
Josh's sister had made a few comments to indicate that she thought Josh might have ended his life purposely because he still loved Carmen.
Surely Katie realized Alex remained head of the household because he liked the position – and because he was married to a person who liked him in that position.
She had chosen him partly for his ability to assume control while keeping everyone's best interest in mind... and partly because he aroused a passion she never knew existed.
He was human, and there had been times that he had slipped, but it wasn't because he was thinking only of himself.
So then, one day you told him to kill Katie and her baby, because you were mad at Rhyn and the demons were coming.
It'd be kinda nice to just think about fishing and TV and not having to wonder what suit is all over my ass because of some dumb new rule.
Because I should have dragged her to a shrink or someone who could have talked some sense into her, or at least watched her more closely-protected her from herself.
I could tell something happened because everyone was running up to the area but Donnie was just skipping down the trail.
We have a hard time seeing this world without scarcity because we are firmly planted in the worldview of scarcity.
Then, as a nation grows wealthier, tax rates could fall in terms of percentages because the nation is making so much more money.
Rostov looked inimically at Pierre, first because Pierre appeared to his hussar eyes as a rich civilian, the husband of a beauty, and in a word--an old woman; and secondly because Pierre in his preoccupation and absent-mindedness had not recognized Rostov and had not responded to his greeting.
And out of his reach, because he was unable to keep the distance between them without her spearheading the effort.
One minute, telling me you don't want anything to do with me beyond your duty and the next, sitting on the beach with me for hours because you're worried I'll find a tall building to dive off of, she grumbled.
Kris's features clouded, and Gabriel suspected it was because Kris had been with his current lover, Jade, for hundreds of years.
She thought the man before her old because of his silver until her vision cleared and she saw his face.
