
And so He loved men Himself and though they were very cruel to Him and at last killed Him, He was willing to die for them because He loved them so.
A four wheel ATV was parked next to the porch and Giddon stepped over it, seating himself as he turned the key.
At first the piglet stuck in the neck of the vase and I thought I should get him, after all, but he wriggled himself through and fell down into the deep bottom part--and I suppose he's there yet.
The vicomte was a nice-looking young man with soft features and polished manners, who evidently considered himself a celebrity but out of politeness modestly placed himself at the disposal of the circle in which he found himself.
Prince Vasili knew this, and having once realized that if he asked on behalf of all who begged of him, he would soon be unable to ask for himself, he became chary of using his influence.
As soon as he trotted out upon the surface of the river he found himself safe from pursuit, and Zeb was already running across the water toward Dorothy.
In Othello is a character named Iago, an evil man who never does anything illegal himself but is always planting ideas in other people's minds, to get them to do his dirty work.
Cassie had to smile when Bordeaux positioned himself in a spot less than ten feet from her and pretended to settle down for the night.
Knowing that Natasha asked nothing for herself, and gave him commissions for others only when he himself had offered to undertake them, he now found an unexpected and childlike pleasure in this purchase of presents for everyone in the house, and never forgot anything.
Of course he is right there," said Countess Mary, "but he forgets that we have other duties nearer to us, duties indicated to us by God Himself, and that though we might expose ourselves to risks we must not risk our children."
By the time we'd finished our meal, with a piece of cake, there wasn't much time before the service was to begin and the pastor excused himself to prepare.
Now the landlord prided himself upon keeping a first-class hotel, and he feared that his guests would not like the rough-looking traveler.
The child comes into the world with the ability to learn, and he learns of himself, provided he is supplied with sufficient outward stimulus.
Schemes and devices for which he never rightly accounted to himself, but which formed the whole interest of his life, were constantly shaping themselves in his mind, arising from the circumstances and persons he met.
Rostov noticed something new in Dolokhov's relations with Sonya, but he did not explain to himself what these new relations were.
Don't let those devils get it! he cried, taking some bags of flour himself and throwing them into the street.
How splendid! said he to himself when a cleanly laid table was moved up to him with savory beef tea, or when he lay down for the night on a soft clean bed, or when he remembered that the French had gone and that his wife was no more.
The soldier himself does the stabbing, hacking, burning, and pillaging, and always receives orders for these actions from men above him; he himself never gives an order.
He so busied himself with his silly telephone trick to call away the mother he didn't notice someone who must have been watching.
Dean realized from his past experience that being forthcoming and subjecting himself to interrogation without an attorney was naive but the entire idea of his trying to kill Shipton was so ludicrous in his mind, he tended to minimize the seriousness of the situation.
And now they would have spared him; but he was true to his promise,-- as soon as the song was finished, he threw himself headlong into the sea.
They say that Arion, being a good swimmer, kept himself afloat until this ship happened to pass by and rescued him from the waves.
Let him go and come freely, let him touch real things and combine his impressions for himself, instead of sitting indoors at a little round table, while a sweet-voiced teacher suggests that he build a stone wall with his wooden blocks, or make a rainbow out of strips of coloured paper, or plant straw trees in bead flower-pots.
Prince Andrew shook himself as if waking up, and his face assumed the look it had had in Anna Pavlovna's drawing room.
He imagined himself as an enormously tall, powerful man who was throwing cannon balls at the French with both hands.
Something always drew him toward those richer and more powerful than himself and he had rare skill in seizing the most opportune moment for making use of people.
But at the moment when he imagined himself calmed by such reflections, she suddenly came into his mind as she was at the moments when he had most strongly expressed his insincere love for her, and he felt the blood rush to his heart and had again to get up and move about and break and tear whatever came to his hand.
He had equipped himself with a mental telescope and looked into remote space, where petty worldliness hiding itself in misty distance had seemed to him great and infinite merely because it was not clearly seen.
But to his surprise Willarski soon noticed that Pierre had lagged much behind the times, and had sunk, as he expressed it to himself, into apathy and egotism.
He regarded all these occupations as hindrances to life, and considered that they were all contemptible because their aim was the welfare of himself and his family.
Pierre felt particularly well disposed toward them all, but was now instinctively on his guard for fear of binding himself in any way.
He felt himself not only free from social obligations but also from that feeling which, it seemed to him, he had aroused in himself.
But the more he tried to hide it the more clearly--clearer than any words could have done--did he betray to himself, to her, and to Princess Mary that he loved her.
He was thinking of Prince Andrew, of Natasha, and of their love, at one moment jealous of her past, then reproaching himself for that feeling.
Evidently it has to be so, said he to himself, and hastily undressing he got into bed, happy and agitated but free from hesitation or indecision.
Sometimes it seemed to him that other people were all as pleased as he was himself and merely tried to hide that pleasure by pretending to be busy with other interests.
This evening he listened to Pierre in a sort of trance, and fancy--as we were going in to supper I looked and he had broken everything on my table to bits, and he told me of it himself at once!
What will become of us if she dies, as I always fear when her face is like that? thought he, and placing himself before the icon he began to say his evening prayers.
This conception is the one handle by means of which the material of history, as at present expounded, can be dealt with, and anyone who breaks that handle off, as Buckle did, without finding some other method of treating historical material, merely deprives himself of the one possible way of dealing with it.
Spirits dampened, Jule watched Rourk leave for the pub before Transporting himself to the forest side of the Other's property.
God love him—he had followed the Boston Red Sox for sixty years and couldn't even dream of ever being there himself.
Only the expression of the will of the Deity, not dependent on time, can relate to a whole series of events occurring over a period of years or centuries, and only the Deity, independent of everything, can by His sole will determine the direction of humanity's movement; but man acts in time and himself takes part in what occurs.
Howie doesn't have to work but he still suffers from head trauma, is pretty depressed and frankly, doesn't know what to do with himself.
By mutual agreement, announced to Howie by our silence, no discussion about Julie took place unless initiated by Howie himself.
If he tried to follow a moving automobile, he could sometimes attach himself, if the vehicle was slow or stopped, but the act was tenuous at best.
Sofi would chew him out if he gave Bianca to her like she was, and he himself couldn't help but feel somewhat concerned that she'd gone unresponsive.
Dusty braced himself and turned to face the grandfatherly figure with a smile and emerald eyes standing in the corner.
He pushed himself out of bed and stood for a long moment, gazing out the window at the fields of winter wheat glowing in the moonlight.
She belonged with him, even if she was second rung to his war against bad guys or even if he was never able to devote himself to any one woman at all.
The man before her looked pretty human himself, with beautiful brown eyes and a body unlike any she'd seen before.
He kicked himself mentally for not thinking before he made any sort of pact with the Watcher, even one that seemed so straightforward, until he met his target and realized she was an innocent caught in the crossfire.
She tightened her grip around him, and he was amused to think of himself as any sort of comfort to anyone, let alone a little human like her.
Two rolled from his place on the concrete floor in the corner and unwrapped the ratty blanket he used to keep himself warm.
He spent the night deep in thought, forcing himself to face the dark memories he'd tried so hard to bury.
He stood at ease before her, unconcerned with teaching her to kill then exposing himself to death at her hands.
Darkyn himself had shown some signs of being affected by her, perhaps not as much as she liked, but more than she ever expected.
He said nothing of his visit to Martha's room and busied himself on the stoop taping a "Dean for Sheriff" poster to a wooden stake before adding it to a growing pile.
Dean promised himself to keep driving past the building if the deputy Larkin's car was in evidence, but only the sheriff's vehicle was present.
He smiled to himself as he climbed the steps, wondering what Jake's reaction would be to a search for ancient bones.
Dean cursed himself for not wanting to talk to the redheaded deputy, who would have been infinitely preferable to this obnoxious jerk.
Fred O'Connor had arranged the affair and Dean had reluctantly agreed to subject himself to the scrutiny of the cream of the town's lady folk.
The next-to-last thing Dean wanted was to have to look out for the safety of his stepfather—the last was going himself.
Mr. Dean wished he felt a modicum of confidence in himself as the three drifted off to sleep—David and Cynthia Dean, with SB, the Bird Song owl, snuggled next to them.
While Cynthia didn't answer, her eyes told him if he did poke around, he'd better not get himself in deep do-do doing it.
One of Fred's nameless cohorts buttonholed Dean as he stepped from his vehicle, and by the time he extricated himself from her verbal grasp, the blonde was lost in the crowd at the park.
Dean looked at his wife for help, but she just shrugged and smiled, and Dean let himself be led up the street.
When Dean didn't introduce himself, Faust gave Jennifer what he meant as an "old boy" pat on her arm and added, "Checking out the property one last time?"
It was Roger who introduced first himself, then Charlie, who dipped his paper in acknowledgment, and Harold, who set down the news and looked at Dean over the top of his glasses, curious about the visit.
When the old man tried to engage him in further conversation—this time about Pumpkin Green and the general irresponsibility of today's youth—he excused himself on an important errand and left Westlake standing in the hall.
If something even more untoward than what the scene implied had actually occurred last evening, Dean would find himself squeezed between the proverbial rock and a hard place.
The world was turning at Mach speed and Dean felt himself racing along with the uninformed, totally out of control.
Neither a hero nor a Good Samaritan, Wynn found himself retreating to the far wall, in case the worst-case scenario happened, and one of the powerful creatures decided to act.
Knowing the most powerful creature – one the Dark One himself exiled at one point for his ruthlessness – had taken over Hell was another matter entirely.
It had to be the private deal, the one Gabriel found no trace of that Darkyn himself had mentioned to him.
He found himself drawn to her again, almost too strongly to resist, and reminded himself something was off about her story.
Pushing himself away from the book that would reveal nothing he sought, he went to the small, square window overlooking the stone structure of the Sanctuary.
Though he had visited Rhyn regularly, Gabriel never was able to fully forgive himself for what felt like a betrayal of the only friend he had.
He glanced around the tiny place, unable to rid himself of the instinct that warned him he was missing something.
As irritated as he was with Darkyn's words, he was also fascinated by the idea the demon lord who prided himself on preying on the vulnerabilities of others was capable of being offended.
He stripped off his shirt and flung it then tossed all his weapons in a pile at his feet before seating himself once more.
The idea Darkyn voluntarily took a bond to a human when he made a name for himself disobeying his former master … There might be a reason Darkyn hadn't explained it to his mate.
It crossed her mind to go in and find him, but he didn't need assistance and probably needed the time to himself as well.
He was human, and there had been times that he had slipped, but it wasn't because he was thinking only of himself.
I don't know, but it seems to me that his ability to perform may be something that makes him feel like himself.
Instead of seating himself on the traditional doctor's stool, Dr. Wynn sat beside her on the table, hands folded across one knee.
His guard hadn't lowered; it crashed as he let himself experience every part of her body, her cries and the passionate spirit that held him captive on the beach.
He saw himself with a mate like her, one who was able to remind him what it was like to feel human.
She was going to break down any second, but the effort the man before her put into preparing himself held her horrified attention.
He had little time to redeem himself, and he kicked himself mentally for not walking into the room that would turn him into the Death he was supposed to be.
He found himself hating the feeling instead of relishing it, like he thought he would if their roles were ever reversed.
He was putting himself at her mercy again, except that, this time, he had the power and chose not to use it.
Her womanly scent teased him, the heat of her nearness reminding him of how he'd gotten himself into this situation in the first place.
He hauled himself out of the cold waters and sat on the shore that turned to mud beneath his dripping body.
He poured himself more whiskey and sat on the sofa, feeling utterly alone for the second time in his life.
He'd forgotten what color real fire was, but he found himself thinking it was orange, like the fruit in the basket on Sasha's desk.
Without a thought as to who might be watching, he ducked into an alley and flung himself into the air.
If anything, he seemed absolutely sure of himself and what he wanted, even if his nature didn't allow him to control his own wild talents.
Rhyn found he didn't need to respond; Giovanni was capable of discussing himself --and his Hannah --without any sign of stopping.
She picked her way through the first few steps, startled when he launched himself at a tree, clawed his way up, and bypassed the muddy section by leaping to the next tree.
Instead, he focused hard on cleaning up her blood and bandaging her arm before the scent drove him too wild to control himself.
He jogged through the castle and ran out into the snow, launching himself into the cold air as he changed into the bird form.
Sasha.s gaze took them both in, his eyes settling on her bandaged arm before he forced himself to look at Toby.
His whole body shaking, he tried to calm himself and withdrew, wanting to wipe away the taint of Sasha.s blood from his clothing and skin.
Confusion and rage blinded him, and he threw himself into the battle, not noticing the nicks and bruises his opponents inflicted upon him.
He fought until the yard was lit only by the castle.s outer lighting, then onward to dawn, free after so long restraining himself around the Immortals and humans.
As if unaccustomed to his longer legs, Toby tripped twice on his way to the door, stabilized himself, then started forward more cautiously.
For the first time in his life, he felt and thought too much, and he wanted to keep himself occupied with the world around him rather than the pain within him.
Jade had freed himself during his thrashing and launched out of the door, machete in hand as he flung himself on Kris.
There is no negotiating with the Yirkin scum or my father's killer, A'Ran thought but held his tongue, aware his only ally believed himself right in this.
The softened expression on Romas's face-- only present for her-- hardened as he prepared himself to deal with whichever of his warriors had happened upon Kiera.
Both older sisters nodded in deference as he approached, and he glanced over them to assure himself of their health.
Given his experience and lauding as one of the most capable strategic battle planners in the Five Galaxies-- the only reason he hadn't been driven out by the Yirkin despite his tiny army-- he found himself learning a tidbit here and there.
A'Ran wasn't as controlling as Romas, from what she knew of him, and she couldn't help feeling as drawn to the picture in front of her as she was to the man himself.
A'Ran pushed himself away from the table he leaned against and paced, thoughts turning to Gage, who would bear Ne'Rin's child.
He shook himself mentally to refocus on the dire circumstances before him but was unable to force the thought of Kiera from his mind.
She looked at him curiously, and he rolled his shoulders back, prepping himself physically for the verbal discussion to come.
The small chamber holding the battle planner was silent, and he waved the computer on, unable to hold himself up any longer.
He excused himself and crossed to her, motioning for her to follow him out a nearby door into a corridor.
He extended his hand, introducing himself and swinging into a cheery speech about the visual pleasures of wintertime in Ouray.
Dean thought of a few more snappy comebacks but kept the rest of his thoughts to himself in front of Donnie.
Dean questioned Janet's scholastic ability to himself and cynically wondered if today's class was Vacuuming For Beginners or Dusting .
Dean's morning had been filled with enough ghosts, dreams and galactic sex to last a lifetime and he excused himself.
Oh, I knew he just thought that way because I was his kid, but I figured he was a pretty smart guy himself so he couldn't be all wrong.
Cynthia was still on the phone so after Dean introduced himself he completed the paperwork, without comment or acknowledgment that he knew Ryland's relationship to Bird Song's other guest Edith Shipton and her son.
Shipton claimed Jerry fell in the water while they were shooting rapids and Shipton himself nearly drowned trying to save him.
While Dean had no desire to participate in the new and perilous sport of ice climbing, he didn't share Cynthia total perplexity at why a sane human being would even consider subjecting himself or herself to such uncomfortable danger.
They hadn't, but as long as he was awake and unable to sleep, he went to the kitchen and poured himself a glass of milk.
He caught up with Shipton on the sidewalk where the man was holding a handkerchief to the side of his head while loading gear to his vehicle and chuckling to himself.
When he finished the chores, he swallowed three aspirins and went outside to shovel the accumulating snow, hoping further activity might dissipate the anger he felt, not only at Shipton, but at himself for losing it in so public and childish manner.
Fred had taken care of the early morning chores as Dean poured himself his first cup of coffee, dreading the inquisition he knew would be forthcoming from the old man.
That, coupled with Cynthia's strange behavior at the news of Shipton's fall bothered him far more than he'd allowed himself to believe.
He tried to convince himself the reason was the burden she carried with her mother's illness, but deep down, he knew that was only partially true.
He banged himself up fairly badly—broke a couple of ribs, did something to his knee and leg, whacked his head pretty good and cut up his face.
He excused himself and asked the owner if he could make a phone card call and did so, but was unsuccessful in reaching Cynthia.
Just before five o'clock he went to the kitchen to begin preparing spaghetti for Fred and himself, and Martha, whom they had invited to again stay for supper.
It was never clear if that was the case and the kid lucked out, but Dean used the excuse of mock consternation to excuse himself and walk uptown to telephone Cynthia.
He tried to turn and raise himself to a sitting position while pushing her away, but she held back his arm in a strong grip and locked a crooked arm about his neck.
She continued to hold him about the neck until he slowly pried her arm away and pushed himself to a half-sitting position, her leg still tightly locked over him.
Dean spent the afternoon busying himself with the chores of Bird Song, partially out of guilt for having dumped the morning duties on Fred and in part to take his mind off the ever-present feeling he'd caused long term or, heaven forbid, permanent damage to his seven-month marriage.
While he fancied himself at least an experimental, if not good cook, in his present state of mind he found himself reverting to bachelor days of quick-is-best.
He himself could have cut the rope—the short end they found tied up top— set up a second rappel at a nearby spot and gone down on it.
Dean, absent any tools for pulling himself upward was limited to using the rope, hand over hand, impossibly slow compared to the man now pursuing him.
Dean remembered the Ride the Rockies bike tour, when he had fallen, nearly killing himself, but put his bruised and cut body back on a bike, just to finish.
Although taken aback by such intimacy from a stranger, as well as terrified himself, he felt an overwhelming need to comfort her.
The bottom line is, if this guy really loves you, he will find it in himself to accept you, fangs and all.
He then sat on the sofa, put his feet up on the overstuffed ottoman and once again congratulated himself on his prowess.
Although totally unnerved, he knew he could not let himself lose it again, yet had to speak to her, see if he could figure her out.
There were a few landscapes that were quite good, then he opened the page to a perfect likeness of himself.
He braced himself for the battle with his fangs and waited for the inevitable pain from fighting to keep them at bay.
He steadied himself with his hands on his knees for a moment, panting; then opened a bottle and started to drink, fast; desperate to find oblivion.
Jackson had not allowed himself to reflect on his relationship with Elisabeth prior to learning her secret, but now he let the memories rush in and in doing so, found some peace.
Apparently he had given her a car, bought clothes for her and generally made a fool out of himself over her.
He was hot and sweaty, but he'd not yet been able to rid himself of the wired energy humming through his blood.
Brady unstrapped himself, and she watched uneasily as he inched closer to the center of the cabin, his hands—and concentration—on the ceiling.
He shot himself up with the drugs he'd brought with him, leaning his head back against the back of the seat as they traveled.
Brady threw himself down, rolled, and ran, taking cover behind a boulder as the laser missile exploded the ground in front of him.
