
After the duke of Richmond had replied, he rose again excitedly as if to speak, pressed his hand upon his breast, and fell down in a fit.
Fred prattled excitedly about the Parkside newspaper and baseball cap and how the two finds represented proof Jeffrey Byrne was alive.
Tammy jumped from her seat beside the pool and pointed a finger excitedly at a horse, which was grazing by the fence close to the house.
Zherkov touched his horse with the spurs; it pranced excitedly from foot to foot uncertain with which to start, then settled down, galloped past the company, and overtook the carriage, still keeping time to the song.
Isn't it? asked Natasha, so seriously and excitedly that it was evident that what she was now saying she had talked of before, with tears.
A cheer went up from the ship as the first children reached the wooden gangway and climbed excitedly on board.
A group of children excitedly pointed and frantically waved their arms I obliged with a wing waggle and could almost hear the cheer.
Caldwell accepted his invitation and after she gave him a hug, excitedly said to the camera, "I just got asked out on a date!"
The children will excitedly point to the manger, shouting, "There!" and will watch eagerly for their next chance to participate.
Following several weeks of speculation in the press, Academy Award-winning actress Halle Berry has confirmed that she and her boyfriend, Canadian model and restaurateur Gabriel Aubry, are excitedly awaiting a bundle of joy.
In the highest army circles from midday on the nineteenth, a great, excitedly bustling activity began which lasted till the morning of the twentieth, when the memorable battle of Austerlitz was fought.
On the day of battle the soldiers excitedly try to get beyond the interests of their regiment, they listen intently, look about, and eagerly ask concerning what is going on around them.
Stolypin, stuttering, broke into the conversation and began excitedly talking of the abuses that existed under the former order of things--threatening to give a serious turn to the conversation.
