
Beside, clothes introduced sewing, a kind of work which you may call endless; a woman's dress, at least, is never done.
And like a practical Petersburg lady who knows how to make the most of time, Anna Mikhaylovna sent someone to call her son, and went into the anteroom with him.
We call these rights "human rights" because they apply to every single person on the planet by virtue of simply being alive.
I left word I'd call from the airport in the morning and set my phone alarm in time for my early departure.
Linda gets the idea to call Facebook and see if she can advertise to people who change their status to "In a relationship."
In fact, she was so keyed up when she reached her apartment that she decided to call her best friend with the news.
Remember in grade school when one of those bullies would put you in a half-nelson or whatever you call it, and twist your arm up your back?
We do know as a result of earlier tests EA, as we call it, is also part of the lure.
The announcement went on to describe what the young boy was wearing and listed a tip line phone number to call with information.
When I'd stopped for a breath, the woman asked where I was when I witnessed it and why I'd waited so long to call.
He so busied himself with his silly telephone trick to call away the mother he didn't notice someone who must have been watching.
By mutual agreement with both Daniel Brennan and Merrill Cooms, our conversations are reduced to an occasional call, for security sake.
I feel terrible I slipped up and they traced the phone call but it's not the end of the world.
If I'm not back in twenty minutes, go someplace safe and call the police, okay? she said, placing it on the dashboard.
He pulled the robe over her exposed body, feeling the urge to run to the gym or call Jenn for a quickie to relieve the sexual spring within him.
Molly and Betsy elected to go home leaving me to mind the store and deal with Daniel Brennan's phone call without interruption.
I came to call on Mr. Abbott and had carefully shut off his power and was ready to visit when what do I see but he has company.
As soon as I related the news of the prior evening attack he told me he agreed it was time to call it quits.
She is the one from Surry and her name is listed as Elizabeth in the phone book but they call her Betty, or Becky or some foolish diminutive.
Yes. He said he was sorry but he and Martha said they had to call it quits and he was going back to be with his wife and child.
I left a message, from Tommy, his so called fishing buddy, saying I had a fish story for him and requesting him to call as soon as possible.
I'd talk to the guy if I thought it would accomplish something but he'll just say he didn't do it and it would be a waste of a phone call.
I had opted not to call ahead but according to Daniel Brennan, Humphries lived at his mission and almost never left.
Why don't you leave me your name, and if Mr. Bylun believes it in his best interest, he'll return your call.
Maybe he had a harem of women at his beck and call, but she couldn't see herself with any other man.
If not for the worried flicker of her gaze past him to see who followed, Damian would have thought this a social call.
It had been a perfect day at Bird Song—until the phone call came and tanked any semblance of tranquility into a mire of despair.
According to the brief phone call, the ten-year-old girl's natural mother, another loser like faux foster mother Janet, had been recently discharged to a halfway house after doing hard time in the state's Cañon City facility.
Then out of the blue came the call from a sticky-sweet state worker informing the Deans that Martha would be picked up on Saturday morning—this was Thursday—for the introductory reunion.
The young college-aged waitress inserted the tack, placed a quarter beneath it for weight and sounded a horn to call attention.
There had been no mention of the lack of contact from the girl, but all three were disappointed no call had been received.
While Dean planned to again call the state agencies in an attempt to run down Martha, he didn't have to wait.
While Bird Song waited, Mrs. Worthington, prompted by Fred's phone call, went to the campground to see if she might catch the couple left before they left.
We dated, if you could call it that, for a couple of months and then we went to Vegas and tied the knot.
His shirt was untucked and Dean glanced at his fly, wondering if he'd been caught using a tree for a call of nature.
When the phone rang for the fourth time, Dean assumed it was either a call for reservations or more discussion on the upcoming New Jersey wedding plans, but Cynthia held the phone against herself and called to her husband.
I know she tried unsuccessfully to raise him on the radio when she first got the call about the wreck.
While the Deans discussed contacting the state once more, both agreed another phone call would be as fruitless as earlier ones.
You're just as mad at him because you think he hung you out to dry when he didn't answer your call the night Billy was killed.
There followed a call from Groucho, whose name Dean learned was Coleridge, telling of a report that the Boyd pair was sighted in Kansas, stopped for a tail light violation on Sunday afternoon.
The call caused Cynthia to tremble with nervous frustration to the point of dropping a favorite sugar bowl, snowing the kitchen floor in white.
Nothing. I said I answered the  call and you came along— down the mountain, not up from town like me—and we went down to the crash together.
After that nasty sheriff created all that fuss and arrested your stepfather, my attorney was sure the judge would call a mistrial and we'd have to start over again.
Much as he disliked making Fred wait, he decided to put off the task until nine o'clock but another phone call forced a change of plans.
Dean then brought Lydia Larkin into the picture by telling Jake Weller how she had radioed Fitzgerald with the two Denver investigators in her car, making the call from the spot where he claimed she'd be out of reception.
A quick telephone call to Jake Weller produced no further word on whether or not Fitzgerald had reported as summoned to Denver.
The receptionist said he was out on a call so she left a message for him to call her when he got back.
Maybe she was spooked tonight, but long ago she had learned to listen to that instinct... gut feeling, some might call it.
And then there was the embarrassing thought of having to call the doctor and explain how he got in that condition.
Having the world's best neurologist on call was one of the perks of the rich and famous, a world unfamiliar to her except that her sister had been gunning for it since her sixteenth birthday.
You're always welcome to call me, and I hope you think of me when you're prepping for the Spring Gala.
Kris.s Immortals appeared to outnumber the demons two to one for now, and Katie would call for him if she needed help.
He knew what she was, and he was content to call her nishani, the title given to a warrior's lifemate.
After exploring the halls and grounds for an hour or two, she returned to the main atrium, where she heard one of the sisters call her name.
As he answered the late night call, he glanced up the staircase to see Edith in the hall above, a specter in her antique dress, a look of alarm on her face.
Cynthia had received a phone call from the Boston sisters telling her their flight was delayed and they weren't now expected until late afternoon.
However, when the phone rang—one a reservation, the other a lengthy call for Fred from his current beloved—Cynthia jumped like a startled rabbit.
Janet was late again and Cynthia's bedside attempt to call her mother in Indiana resulted in unanswered rings, causing her further concern.
She turned, peering again down the river, as if the message she'd delivered was as perfunctory as a call to supper.
They spoke for a few moments and she promised to call again in the evening when, perhaps, she'd have more information.
Dean brought Fred up to date on not only the telephone call to his wife, but his meeting with Weller and his speculation that Cynthia might have seen Donnie Ryland near the accident scene.
He excused himself and asked the owner if he could make a phone card call and did so, but was unsuccessful in reaching Cynthia.
He filled Fred in on the details of Edith's visit and Cynthia's late night phone call and the abrupt end to the conversation.
He made a mental note to send a piece of jewelry to her hotel room to assuage guilt over the promised phone call that would never happen.
No, I had a dropped call from her earlier, but when I called back it went straight to voice mail.
Ed lifted his head and nickered, but he continued to work on the salt block when she didn't call him.
I've asked someone to call you and provide you instructions on how to get here using a few unconventional routes.
Call if you need me, but not for the next hour, because I've got to make it to the hospital.
Lana was surprised to find that someone else at the Peak within the mountain had issued a similar mayday call.
Brady watched him, wishing they were closer to one of their secure facilities so he could make a call to Tim.
The fed's facility had been armed as well as the hospital, and one of his commo guys intercepted the call for help only an hour before.
His conversation with Tim returned, and he stayed the urge to call Lana as he had when he was simply the Guardian.
Everything—the net call that brought her to the Peak, the encrypted messages she'd read, Brady's protection—had fallen into place.
He was freezing and drenched.  He tested his power and found it wasn't just calm – it was bound.  He couldn't access its depths, couldn't call upon a portal to send the damn angel home.
I know you don't want me here, but I'm glad I came.  I like you best of all, Rhyn.  Maybe I should call you Dad.  Or Pops or Father.
If you call me any of those things, I'll hang you upside down from this tree and watch you starve.
Testing his magic, he realized he could call forth a portal.  He needed an ally, but it wasn't Kris.  He had no intention of bringing Kris to meet Darkyn, not when he didn't know what Darkyn wanted.  His thoughts went to Gabriel, the best friend he hoped he hadn't lost completely.  Gabe wouldn't try to negotiate with Darkyn if things went bad.
If this is what you call down, you need to spend some time in Hell.  If you don't believe me, I don't give a shit.  But I fulfilled my part of the deal I made with Kiki.
Mrs. Armstrong always got a call that 'it just wasn't working out' and could she please find another place for me to go?
The first word on the case Sackler and DeLeo were arguing about had come by way of a call from the Norfolk, Virginia Police Department the prior afternoon, Dean's day off.
Later she received a telephone call from the Norfolk Police Department, but it only confirmed what Officer McCarthy had already told her.
She was too upset to remember much of what was said and she'd not spoken directly with Norfolk since that first call.
Imagine me giving Cindy Byrne a call and telling her she's cut off, at least until ol' Jeff floats in?
From a pay phone in the lobby of the large building, he placed a call to the Parkside Police Department.
Punching the buttons on his car radio, he finally found music that didn't assault his senses and pushed ahead toward Parkside, ready to call it a day.
Two days after landing in the United States, Dean received a phone call from Fred O'Connor, the stepfather he'd yet to meet, informing him his mother was gravely ill.
As Dean lay in the dark, he absentminded­ly wondered if Ethel always wore "Thursday" when he came to call.
I'm still scared to death to pick up the phone," she said, and added, "Please, call me Cynthia," when he addressed her more formally.
The party for the departing employee, if you could call it that, had been a quick affair—a pat on the back, a few appropriate words and a token going away present.
I'll give you a call tomorrow," he said as he turned and followed the others, adding, "Keep an eye out over your shoulder."
Then we get this call and tell 'em it's done and they say turn off at the next exit and get the hell out of there.
On the spur of the moment he picked up the phone and dialed Cece Baldwin, a number he now had committed to memory from the many unsuc­cessful times he'd made the call.
Randy had been told before school about the telephone call from Norfolk and she had dismissed his offer to fly down with her.
The Rileys would look in on him and she was to call as soon as she identified his father's body.
She asked for a few minutes to call Randy first and Dean took the time to telephone Fred, filling him in on the latest happen­ings.
He yelled her name but the call was smothered by the cry of the wind and the crash of the surf beyond.
It had been stolen, so the police had no way of putting out a call for Nota and his friend unless someone in the neighborhood had sharp eyes.
Dean asked to have Cynthia call when she felt up to it but he didn't mention that someone had broken into his home too.
If I call her at this time of night, she'll bite my head off but she thinks you're the cat's pajamas.
Andy Sackler and Dean responded to a call crosstown at Ralph's Barber Shop, where they found a crowd milling around the sidewalk and a half dozen customers seated inside.
Dean silently hoped the call wasn't some convoluted effort to restore their relationship, which to his mind was thankfully finished.
Because of his suspicion the phone was bugged, Dean did not try to call Cece Baldwin when he arrived home after midnight, home to a still empty house.
Before making his phone call, he ordered a Coors just to get a feel for the place and adjust his eyes to the meager light.
It was a day made for biking and in spite of his body problems, he gave Cynthia Byrne a call to see if she wanted to join him.
He'd personally call Mayer's wife and pass on her husband's deep and frequent concern for Cynthia's well being as well as any news he heard.
The newscast gave no details of the shooting and a call to the hospital netted nothing but a tired sounding know-nothing switchboard operator.
The Anasazi, "The Ancient Ones," as the pres­ent day Navajo call them, built cities and a society for  centuries before abandoning this high Sonoran desert, all before Columbus ever set sail.
It crossed her mind not to answer it at all, but maybe he had learned something from the last call and would get to the point.
It was the first time she had heard him call her that, and the tender smile on Mum's face made it clear that she was pleased.
