
Sentences
Its chief rivers were the Dravus (Drave), Savus (Save), and Arrabo (Raab), in addition to the Danuvius (less correctly, Danubius), into which the first three rivers flow.
Even the bare names of the old history were no longer correctly known  The explanation of n suggested above offers another alternative.
It was in this way that she learned to use correctly words of sound and vision which express ideas outside of her experience.
Various names are given to the different parts of the constituent ranges, or, perhaps more correctly, elongated groups of mountains.
A military organization may be quite correctly compared to a cone, of which the base with the largest diameter consists of the rank and file; the next higher and smaller section of the cone consists of the next higher grades of the army, and so on to the apex, the point of which will represent the commander-in-chief.
When you are massaging your dog, you can check his general temperature, how his coat looks, whether or not he is having issues with his joints and if he is moving correctly.
In England The Largest Values Of A Sufficiently Steady Character To Be Shown Correctly By An Ordinary Electrograph Occur During Winter Fogs.
The subsequent history of China is mainly a record of struggles with various tribes, commonly, but not very correctly, called Tatars.
But even at present we can correctly state that the true pupa is invariably connected with the transference of the wings from the interior to the exterior of the body.
The Comtist maintains that even if these five volumes together fail in laying down correctly and finally the lines of the new science, still they are the first solution of a great problem hitherto unattempted.
He was fundamentally too much a man of strong convictions to be correctly described as open-minded, for if nature ever determined any man's faith, it was his; the root of his whole intellectual life, which was too deep to be disturbed by any superficial change in his philosophy, being the feeling for God.
Amyot took great pains to find and interpret correctly the best authorities, but the interest of his books to-day lies in the style.
From Sir Walter Scott downwards the tendency to judge literary work on its own merits to a great extent restored Defoe to his proper place, or, to speak more correctly, set him there for the first time.
Their belief might be described as a polydemonism rather than a polytheism, or more correctly, to avoid altogether the intrusion of foreign notions, as a "multinuminism."
After the Revolution of , he commanded  The bird, however, does not inhabit Iceland, and the language to which the name belongs would perhaps be more correctly termed Old Teutonic. From this word is said to come the French Freux.
Whoever can believe that the successes were numerous and that descriptions were given correctly - not only of facts present to the minds of inquirers, and of other persons present who were not consciously taking a share in the experiments, but also of facts necessarily unknown to all concerned - must of course be most impressed by the latter kind of success.
C. Hore, published in , received considerable modification, about -, from the work of Fergusson, Lemaire, Kohlschiitter and others, who showed that while the general outline of the coasts had been drawn fairly correctly, the whole central portion, and to a lesser degree the northern, must be shifted a considerable distance to the west.
These new fables were first published at Naples by Cassitto in , and afterwards (much more correctly) by Jannelli in .
Its present name, which signifies the "mild district," and is correctly descriptive of the climate, though not of the inhabitants, was given to it during the Ming dynasty (-).
Generally, if the area of a trapezette for which u is an algebraical function of x of degree n is given correctly by an expression which is a linear function of values of u representing ordinates placed symmetrically about the mid-ordinate of the trapezette (with or without this mid-ordinate), the same expression will give the area of a trapezette for which u is an algebraical function of x of degree n + .
As a matter of fact, it is difficult to rely upon most electric meters to register correctly to less than % even between quarter-load and full load.
He was constitutionally inaccurate, and seems to have been unable to represent the exact sense of a document which lay before him, or even to copy from it correctly.
In the first of these, entitled " Recherches sur l'attraction des spheroides homogenes," published in the Memoires of the Academy for , but communicated to it at an earlier period, Legendre introduces the celebrated expressions which, though frequently called Laplace's coefficients, are more correctly named after Legendre.
In  Hammer-Purgstall correctly explained the name as meaning the "warm-flowing" (tab= warm, same root as tep in "tepid") from some warm mineral springs in the neighbourhood, and compared it with the synonymous Teplitz in Bohemia.
According to Gerhard Rohlfs, the last form given to the word most correctly represents the Arabic pronunciation, but the other forms are more often used in Europe.
The "Marriage of the Adriatic," or more correctly "of the sea" (Sposalizio del Mar) was a ceremony symbolizing the maritime dominion of Venice.
The ancient town is chiefly celebrated for the famous Iguvine (less correctly Eugubine) Tables, which were discovered there in , bought by the municipality in , and are still preserved in the town hall.
He was the first correctly to solve Aristotle's problem, stated above, and to apply it practically to solar observations in a darkened room (Cosmographia,  ).
Not more than % of the householders in India can read and write, and the proportion capable of fully understanding the schedule and of making the entries in it correctly is still lower.
After the departure of Agamemnon to the Trojan war, Aegisthus seduced his wife Clytaemnestra (more correctly Clytaemestra) and with her assistance slew him on his return.
The numbers, whether of kings or of years, cannot have been handed down to us correctly by the Greek writers.
Fossil Neuroptera occur in the Lias and even in the Trias if the relationships of certain larvae have been correctly surmised.
No Account Is Taken Of This Blunder In Chronology; And It Is Tacitly Supposed That The Calendar Has Been Correctly Followed From Its Commencement.
Disarmament, or to speak more correctly, the contractual limitation of armaments, has become, of late years, as much an economic as a humanitarian peace-securing object.
The most complete hydrogen spectrum is that measured by Evershed  in the flash spectrum observed during a total solar eclipse, and contains thirty-one lines, all of which agree with considerable accuracy with the formula, if the frequency number n is calculated correctly by reducing the wave-length to vacuo. It is a characteristic of Balmer's formula that the frequency approaches a definite limit as s is increased, and it was soon discovered that in several other spectra besides hydrogen, series of lines could be found, which gradually come nearer and nearer to each other as they become fainter, and approach a definite limit.
The author, no doubt correctly, remarks that the shift does net indicate a change of frequency but a change of relative intensity, consisting of a great number of fine lines; when the maximum intensity of the distribution of light is altered, the appearance is that of a shift.
The Freiburg minster is considered one of the finest of all the Gothic churches of Germany, being remarkable alike for the symmetry of its proportions, for the taste of its decorations, and for the fact that it may more correctly be said to be finished than almost any other building of the kind.
This definition correctly indicates that the mass of any portion of matter is equal to the sum of the masses of its parts, and that the masses of bodies alike in other respects are equal, but gives no test for comparison of the masses of bodies of different substances; this test is supplied only by a comparison of motions.
A new enceinte, or more correctly a rampart of a less permanent character, connecting the eight forts of the inner line and extending from Wyneghem to a little south of Hoboken, was decided upon in .
North Britain; and Scottish people have long objected to the conventional use south of the Tweed of the word " English," when it really means (as they correctly, but sometimes rather pedantically, insist) " British."
Iron was worked in the district of Cibyra, and the marble of Synnada, or more correctly of Docimium, was largely used by the Romans.
Regarding heat (matiere de feu or fluide igne) as a peculiar kind of imponderable matter, Lavoisier held that the three states of aggregation - solid, liquid and gas - were modes of matter, each depending on the amount of matiere de feu with which the ponderable substances concerned were interpenetrated and combined; and this view enabled him correctly to anticipate that gases would be reduced to liquids and solids by the influence of cold and pressure.
If a student can auscultate correctly, or make up a prescription, at an examination, he will in all probability be able to do so in other circumstances.
We have spent time using a halter and a shepherds crook to get him to stand correctly and walk along side us without pulling.
Whichever type of helmet you choose, you should make sure that it fits properly and that it is correctly fastened.
Positioning the car headrest correctly can be the difference between permanent neck pain or only a few weeks neck pain " .
They are so quick and easy to use, simply screw onto a correctly inflated tire in place of the dust caps.
You have to know just what you're doing so the fireplace will draw correctly and that it is safe for people to be around.
Cutting the hole into the exterior wall will involve replacing or repairing the wall's interior surface to correctly place the patio door into the area.
With this exception, however, all ancient writers, whether they enumerated two or three or four Passovers in the Gospel history, believed that the enumeration was exhaustive; and their belief appears correctly to represent the mind of the author of the Fourth Gospel, seeing that his various notes of time were probably in intentional contrast to the looser synoptic accounts.
Whilst he correctly describes the European movement of industry, and explains it as arising out of adequate social causes, he yet, in accordance with the absolute principles which tainted his philosophy, protests against it as in- volving an entire inversion of the "natural order of things."
As has already been mentioned, the law is only verified very roughly, if Rydberg's form of equation is taken as correctly representing the series.
Her letters are full of vivacity, of colour, and at times of insight and wit, but she never learnt to write either French or German correctly.
Barcelona was formerly surrounded by a strong line of ramparts, and defended, or more correctly, overawed by a citadel on the north-east, erected in  by Philip V.; but these fortifications being felt as a painful restriction on the natural development of the city, were, in spite of the opposition of the central government, finally abolished by the local authorities in .
Previous to Professor Friedrich Delitzsch's masterly work on the origin of the most ancient Babylonian system of writing,' no one had correctly understood the facts regarding the beginnings of the cuneiform system, which is now generally recognized as having been originally a pure picture writing which later developed into a conventionalized ideographic and syllabic sign-list.
The name (more correctly Iason) means "healer," and Jason is possibly a local hero of Iolcus to whom healing powers were attributed.
Usually, and so far correctly, it is coupled with the Essays of Montaigne, to which the author is under very extensive obligations.
Andrew, if its first foundation be correctly assigned to the Milanese bishop Honoratus of the th century; but the present edifice is due to the Society of Jesus, who obtained possession of the church in .
Yet he recognized correctly the names of Apis and Re, with many groups for words such as assembly, good, name, and of the later periods with some accuracy, and his comprehension of demotic was considerable.
These are easily calculated on the assumption first that the observations were correctly made, secondly that the calendrical dates are in the year of  days beginning on.
Here the want of provisions forced them to evacuate the place; a few who surrendered were beheaded, and the rest went farther south and built the town of New D,ongola (correctly Dunkulah), where the venerable Ibrahim Bey died in , at the age of eighty.
It was circumnavigated by one of their vessels in , and the general outline of the coasts is correctly given in their maps at a time when separate portions of Celebes, such as Macassar and Menado, are represented as distinct islands.
In applying tests of memory, it may be legitimate to allow a candidate to pass who answers correctly from  to % of the questions; such an allowance if applied to a test of capacity, such as the performance of a sum in addition, the solution of triangles by means of trigonometrical tables, or the translation of an easy passage from a foreign language, appears to be irrational.
The mingling of despotism and good-natured familiarity there described (and the spirit is doubtless correctly given by Josephus, whether or not his details are historical) agrees with the picture in Proverbs.
Jefferson's peace policy - or, more correctly, Madison's peace policy - of commercial restrictions to coerce Great Britain and France he continued to follow until , when he was forced to change these futile commercial weapons for a policy of war, which was very popular with the extreme French wing of his party.
Implied in every contrast of principle and fact, of rule and application, involved as we see after the event, most decisively when we react correctly upon a world incorrectly perceived, thought is yet not reflected on in the common experience.
To lead on, Eyaav, is to refer back, ava^yecv,  to what has been correctly divined of the same elements in clearer cases.
The battle, which took place at Flodden, or more correctly, at the foot of Brankston Hill, on Friday the th of September , is among the most famous and disastrous, if not among the most momentous, in the history of Scotland.
But from the dynamical standpoint it is obvious that equations which represent the facts correctly on one system of time-measurement might become seriously defective on another.
In order that a pair of wheels, or a wheel and a rack, may work correctly together, it is in all cases essential that the pitch should be the same in each.
All wheels having teeth of the same pitch, traced from the same path of contact, work correctly together, and are said to belong to the same set.
If the same rolling curve and tracing-point be used to trace both the faces and the flanks of the teeth of a number of wheels of different sizes but of the same pitch, all those wheels will work correctly together, and will form a set.
The teeth of wheels of any figure, as well as of circular wheels, may be traced by rolling curves on their pitch-surfaces; and all teeth of the same pitch, traced by the same rolling curve with the same tracing-point, will work together correctly if their pitchsurfaces are in rolling contact.
To make the teeth of a pair of endless screws fit correctly and work smoothly, a hardened steel screw is made of the figure of the smaller screw, with its thread or threads notched so as to form a cutting tool; the larger screw, or wheel, is cast approximately of the required figure; the larger screw and the steel screw are fitted up in their proper relative position, and made to rotate in contact with each other by turning the steel screw, which cuts the threads of the larger screw to their true figure.
Rolling Resistance.By the rolling of two surfaces over each other without sliding a resistance is caused which is called sometimes rolling friction, but more correctly rolling resistance.
There are four main classes or crus (literally growths, but more correctly types or qualities), namely, the " grands crus classes " or " classed growths " and the bourgeois, artisan and peasant growths.
A much higher stage was reached in the financial methods of the Greek states, or more correctly speaking of Athens, the best-known specimen of the class.
The histories of philosophy may quite correctly describe his theory as the logical development of Descartes's doctrines of the one Infinite and the two finite substances, but Spinoza himself was never a Cartesian.
The fauna of the Persian plateau he described as Palaearctic, with a great prevalence of desert forms; or, perhaps more correctly, Aug.
But - the o,uoo iatos has been laid down, and must be recognized as correctly expressing the mystery; only one ought to rest satisfied with that word and with the repudiation of Arianism.
Sometimes he gives prominence, and correctly, to the fact that the disputants partially failed to understand one another, because they had separate interests at heart - those on the one side desiring above everything to guard against polytheism, those on the other being most afraid of Sabellianism.
These figures, however, do not correctly represent the aggregates of Bolivian trade, as her imports and exports passing through Antofagasta, Arica and Mollendo are to a large extent credited to Chile and Peru.
Dr Johnson is reported to have said that "Walpole was a minister given by the king to the people, but Pitt was a minister given by the people to the king," and the remark correctly indicates Chatham's distinctive place among English statesmen.
It appeared in history in , its origin being traced to Arnulf (Arnoul), bishop of Metz, and Pippin, long called Pippin of Landen, but more correctly Pippin the Old or Pippin I.
He states correctly the notion of "natural and true" rent as the remainder of the produce of land after payment of the cost of production; but he seems to have no idea of the "law of diminishing returns."
It is reasonable to conjecture that southern Babylonia, the home of the old culture, supplied Babylon and other important cities with priests, who from their descent were correctly called "Chaldaeans."
The podobranchiae are clearly epipodites, or, more correctly, parts of the epipodites, and it is probable that the arthroand pleuro-branchiae are also epipodial in origin and have migrated from the proximal segment of the limbs on to the adjacent body-wall.
No plant is correctly termed a grass which is not a member of this family, but the word is in common language also used, generally in combination, for many plants of widely different affinities which possess some resemblance (often slight) in foliage to true grasses; e.g.
It is indeed highly suggestive that just those occurrences which are the most remote from the assumed standpoint of the writer are the most correctly stated, while the nearer we approach the author's supposed time, the more inaccurate does he become.
In Plato, however, this distinction is applied chiefly in an ethical and religious direction; and, while it defines philosophy, so far correctly, as the endeavour to express what things are in their ultimate constitution, it is not yet accompanied by a sufficient differentiation of the subsidiary inquiries by which this ultimate question may be approached.
Insectivorous or, as they are sometimes more correctly termed, carnivorous plants are, like the parasites, the climbers, or the succulents, a physiological assemblage belonging to a number of distinct natural orders.
The Bombay Island, or, as it ought to be more correctly called, the Bombay Peninsula, stands out from a coast ennobled by lofty hills, and its harbour is studded by rocky islands and precipices, whose peaks rise to a great height.
But, apart from the diurnal fluctuations of consumption which may be equalized by local " service reservoirs," uniform distribution of supply throughout twelve months is rarely what we require; and to represent the demand in most towns correctly, we should increase the angle of this line to the horizontal during the summer and diminish it during the winter months, as indicated by the dotted lines b b.
The condition that must exist in order that the balance may weigh correctly for all positions of the weight W is w = o, or tan  = that is, the stay KG must be adjusted parallel to the line joining the points A and C. From the equation for w, it is seen that the larger h is the smaller w will be.
And, if the rider weight has been correctly adjusted, the bag of sugar will be shown to weigh exactly  lb by the beam vibra - ting in equipoise.
The introduction of these other symbols produces a compound scale, which may be called a quinarybinary, or, less correctly, a quinary-denary scale.
The gas obtained by the Young process, when tested by itself in the burners most suited for its combustion, gives on the photometer an illuminating value averaging from  to  candle-power, but it is claimed, and quite correctly, that the enriching power of the gas is considerably greater.
You might say correctly that God has died (meaning the Godman), or that a man is to be worshipped - Christ Jesus.
A God who is love will act neither from wilfulness nor from what is called rational but might more correctly be called physical necessity.
Of Salvian's writings there are still extant two treatises, entitled respectively De gubernatione Dei (more correctly De praesenti judicio) and Ad ecclesiam, and a series of nine letters.
This is a very close approximation to the truth, if the length of the unit employed has been correctly assigned. Among the astronomers of antiquity, two great men stand out with unchallenged pre-eminence.
At last Oedipus guessed correctly that it was man; for the child crawls on hands and feet, the adult walks upright, and the old man supports his steps with a stick.
The islands were discovered in  by the Portuguese admiral Tristan, or more correctly Tristao da Cunha,' after whom they are named, during a voyage to India.
In  a voyage was made by Captain Delanneau In  James McQueen correctly divined that there was a great west-flowing tributary (the Benue) to the Niger, and that after its confluence the river ran south to the Atlantic. See his View of Northern Central Africa () and Geographical Survey of Africa ().
If, therefore, one could correctly read and interpret the activity of these powers, one knew what the gods were aiming to bring about.
It was once generally supposed that the Pliocene epoch in Nebraska was distinguished by the activity of geysers; but the so-called geyserite " now known commonly and correctly as " natural pumice " and " volcanic ash," which is found in the Oligocene and later formations, has no connexion whatever with geysers, but is produced by the shattering of volcanic rock.
The individual components required weaker curvatures and permitted of being more correctly manufactured, and, more particularly, the advantage of reduced aberrations was the predominant factor.
A cross-table is very convenient for this calculation, for with the aid of the two movable slides situated in the plane of the plate and at right angles to one another, the point where the two crystal edges intersect can be quickly and correctly brought into the revolving axis of the plate.
In letters of -' he correctly diagnoses the ills of the Confederation, and suggests with admirable prescience the necessity of centralization in its governmental powers; he was, indeed, one of the first, if not to conceive, at least to suggest adequate checks on the anarchic tendencies of the time.
He read Burr's character correctly from the beginning; deemed it a patriotic duty to thwart him in his ambitions; defeated his hopes successively of a foreign mission, the presidency, and the governorship of New York; and in his conversations and letters repeatedly and unsparingly denounced him.
Thus Japan wax is a glyceride and should be more correctly termed Japan tallow, whereas sperm oil is, chemically speaking, a wax.
Among plants from Lower Triassic strata there are a few which form connecting links with the older Permo-Carboniferous flora; of these we have a species, described by Blanckenhon as Sigillaria oculina, which may be correctly referred to that genus, although an inspection of a plaster-cast of the type-specimen in the Berlin Bergakademie left some doubt as to the sufficiency of the evidence for adopting the generic name Sigillaria.
It is in fact doubtful whether the so-called sternum of batrachians, in most cases a mere plate of cartilage, has been correctly identified as such.
The noumenon, therefore, is in one way the object of a non-sensuous intuition, but more correctly is the expression of the limited and partial character of our knowledge.
A power surge on the Bridge is rapidly and correctly diagnosed as a faulty capacitor by the highly-trained and competent engineering staff.
On Epson printers please make sure that the paper thickness lever on the right of the machine is set correctly.
The flange lubricators use condensed steam direct from the auxiliary manifold and when correctly used apply a steady trickle of water to the flange.
Two cases were correctly identified as HD, although in one, the possibility of anaplastic large-cell lymphoma could not be ruled out.
When applied correctly mastic is a useful and attractive way to finish and define corners and edges, especially in tiled areas.
This is currently performed with a curved plastic tube, which requires the presence of a trained paramedic in order to administer it correctly.
This account correctly predicts that plural agreement is impossible with conjuncts containing quantifiers, since a plural pro cannot appear in them.
It would also be unable to address correctly any collateral not transferred through DBVs, stock loans or term repo facilities.
Callers will now be greeted with the usual menu options and calls will be correctly routed to our support team.
When correctly shimmed there should be no noticeable tight spots at any point, but with only the slightest trace of backlash.
Quiz This appears on disk . Like before just answer all ten questions correctly to see a sneak preview of the next episode.
Sublime, the tender filet was correctly under cooked and tender as a baby, the venison stew was rich and magnificent.
Back on ship Neil still tussled with getting his e-mail to poll correctly after getting rather clogged up with attachments.
However, given the current upswing in the housing market, it will now be correctly timed to dampen the business cycle.
There he completed his investigation of the comet of , for which the Cotta prize was awarded to him in ; he correctly assigned a period of  years to the comet of ; and discovered the swift circulation of the remarkable comet which bears his name (see Comet).
The duchy of Saxe-Meiningen, or more correctly Saxe-Meiningen-Hildburghausen, was founded in  by Bernard, the third son of Ernest the Pious, duke of Saxe-Gotha, and consisted originally of the western part of the present duchy, the district around Meiningen.
To this period belong Ilafz al-Quti (the Goth?) who made a version of the Psalms in Arabic rhyme, and Bahya (more correctly Behai) ibn Paquda, dayyan at Saragossa, whose Arabic ethical treatise has always had great popularity among the Jews in its Hebrew translation, .¥Iobhoth ha-lebhabhath.
To the first belong what may be called the physical phenomena (q.v.) of spiritualism - those, namely, which, if correctly observed and due neither to conscious or unconscious trickery nor to hallucination or illusion on the part of the observers, exhibit a force acting in the physical world hitherto unknown to science.
According to the testimony of L'Herminier (for whom see later) he divided the " Passereaux" into two sections, the " faux " and the " vrais "; but, while the latter were very correctly defined, the former were most arbitrarily separated from the " Grimpeurs."
The detection of carbon and hydrogen in organic compounds by the formation of carbon dioxide and water when they are burned was first correctly understood by Lavoisier, and as he had determined the carbon and hydrogen content of these two substances he was able to devise methods by which carbon and hydrogen in organic compounds could be estimated.
There, on the river Darejya, assuming that the passage (Vend., , ) is correctly interpreted, stood the house of his father; and the Bundahish (,  and , ) says expressly that the river Daraja lay in Airan Vej, on its bank was the dwelling of his father, and that there Zoroaster was born.
Here stood Ur (Mugheir, more correctly Muqayyar) the earliest capital of the country; and Babylon, with its suburb, Borsippa (Birs Nimrud), as well as the two Sipparas (the Sepharvaim of Scripture, now Abu Habba), occupied both the Arabian and Chaldaean sides of the river (see Babylon).
Darkness is likewise a spiritual kingdom (more correctly, it also is conceived of as a spiritual and feminine personification), but it has no "God" at its head.
The page, or, as he was more anciently and more correctly called, the " valet " or " damoiseau," commenced his service and instruction when he was between seven and eight years old, and the initial phase continued for seven or eight years longer.
The teeth of a rack, to work correctly with wheels having involute teeth, should have plane surfaces perpendicular to the line of connection, and consequently making with the direction of motion of the rack angles equal to the complement of the obliquity of action.
From Jurassic rocks of France and Italy a few imperfect specimens have been described as carpels of Cycads, like those of the recent genus Cycas (see Gymnosperms); while a few of these may have been correctly identified, an inspection of some of the original examples in the Paris collections leads one to express the opinion that others are too imperfect to determine.
We guide the pencil with the right hand, and feel carefully with the forefinger of the left hand to see that we shape and space the letters correctly.
She evidently understood that VERY was the name of the new thing that had come into her head; for all the way back to the house she used the word VERY correctly.
Over the years, I learned to do many things right-handed simply because I could n't get equipment to work correctly.
Referee Jim Lawrence quite correctly awarded the result as a win to McGowan from Alden, with Allen scooping the odd-point.
It is not necessary to confirm that all fire alarm sounder circuits operate correctly at the time of this test.
For skin detection, we need to first subtract the background for maximizing our ability to correctly find the skin regions.
Many people succumb to fear and choke up because they have never learned to deal with this verbal intimidation correctly.
Quick to fit and easy to use, simply screw the Pressure Guards onto correctly inflated tires in place of the existing dust caps.
Spermicide-Used in combination with a diaphragm or alone, spermicides are good choice for birth control if used correctly, but they can be irritating to the vagina.
While a pre-fold diaper has to be properly folded and correctly inserted inside the diaper cover in order to function well, an all-in-one diaper is essentially a cloth version of a disposable diaper.
Finding  DDD nursing bras can be tricky, but it's also important that you find a bra that fits correctly even if that means searching a bit harder for the perfect fit.
Bras that ride up in the back may have a band size that is too large or straps that aren't positioned correctly.
Before you begin -and again when you have completed the process- look over the parts of the crib to ensure that nothing is damaged, that everything fits correctly and there are no broken pieces.
If you are buying a used crib, check to ensure that assembly instructions are available so that you can assemble it correctly.
Usually, it is sufficient to know the size of your bed, but some people actually measure the length and width of their bed to ensure they purchase bed sheets that fit correctly.
Choose a collar size that is comfortable and you will not suffer from an itching and red neck and your tie will fit correctly.
Check on the price of the paper rolls, the refills and the ink roller to correctly estimate the operating cost of the calculator.
To be on the safe side, listen to the used albums you purchase as soon as you get home to make sure they play correctly.
If you are unsure whether you installed the seat correctly, you may visit your local fire department or police station and have someone check to see if it is installed correctly.
These events give parents the opportunity to come in and have their car seats checked for safety, as well as to see if the seat is installed correctly.
These can offer a good alternative to other forms of heating and if chosen correctly needn't be too expensive to run.
Children can use clubs designed for men or women, but they also need to be sized down by a pro shop so they fit the individual player correctly.
If the broadhead isn't attached to your arrow correctly or it isn't weighted properly you may as well have stayed home!
Professionals know how to choose replacement windows and even install them, so you are assured to have the best window for you house that will last a long time because it is installed correctly.
This gives you the opportunity to see if it hooks up correctly to your truck's hitch and gives you the chance to test drive it.
Learning how to handle your bird correctly will allow you to physically check the health and well-being of your bird.
While watch winders are carefully designed, the watch owner must know his or her watch well in order to be able to set the watch winder correctly and avoid damaging the watch.
This could take some time, but at the end of the day (if done correctly), kitty one and kitty two will become the best of friends and have a playmate for life, just like my sister and I.
Since this disease mimics so many other ailments, the best way to quickly and correctly diagnose it is through a blood test.
Prior to making a payment, cardholders should check the account statement to ensure that they have been correctly charged for their purchases and owed interest.
Parents are often so busy that they do chores and perform tasks their children could do because it's faster and easier than teaching them how to do the task correctly and nagging the kids to get them to do it each day.
This will keep them in place when it's windy, and regardless of who's sitting in the chair, the cushion will be positioned correctly for a comfortable fit every time.
The main reason for this is that programs that recycle PCs and computer components have the knowledge and expertise to recycle computers correctly.
Contact paper is easy to work with and will last as long as you need it to, provided that you prepare surfaces correctly and apply the paper according to the instructions.
A great natural brush is going to work with your skin, it is going to deposit the color correctly, giving you great blendability, and then you can use a $ eye shadow to create the perfect look.
You don't have to avoid makeup completely at such events; if formal makeup is applied correctly, you will look like you care about your appearance, but avoid the "trying to hard" impression.
Whether it's desired for a healthy dose of pre-wedding color or as a base for an upcoming vacation, a faux tan can be a convincing alternative to the sun's damaging rays when applied correctly.
Chief among these advantages is the fact that gel liners tend to last much longer than traditional eyeliners that when applied correctly, are virtually budge proof.
In addition to making you look fresh and fabulous, applying makeup correctly is the best way to get the maximum return on your cosmetics purchase.
During the timed bonus round you must correctly choose the answer that was the most popular with the people that were surveyed.
Unlike English, Hebrew is read from right to left, so make sure you're reading it correctly or you may get off to a very bad start!
Fortunately, if a binding is correctly installed by a ski-shop technician, it will stay secure for the entire life of your skis.
However, once you learn how to utilize your time correctly by effectively maximizing your productivity, you will feel as if you have more hours available to you each day.
Whether you come up with twenty-four inches, or thirty-six inches, knowing this key number will ensure that the bodice of your dress fits correctly.
Parents worry about their young teens knowing how to handle romantic relationships, and many of the adolescents themselves are nervous as to how to do things correctly.
If yours sticks you can use a wax pencil or wax paper to make it slide easier and zip correctly.
The new adult teeth may not be growing in correctly or the mouth may not be large enough to accommodate them all.
Sometimes teen braces are a matter of health, as crowded teeth can make it hard to brush correctly, which in turn can cause cavities or gum disease.
It holds back the upper jaw while the lower jaw is still growing until the two are spaced evenly and correctly.
Raising pre-teens and teenagers might seem a little intimidating to some parents, but if the adolescent years are handled correctly, they can be enjoyable for both the child and the parents.
Teenage rebellion may frustrate and worry parents, and it can turn into more severe behavior if it is not handled correctly.
Every brand of halter is designed to fit a dog in a slightly different way, so you want to make sure that you are purchasing the right size and adjusting it to fit your dog correctly.
Always ask your vet or a local dog trainer to teach you how to use this type of "choke chain" correctly in order to make sure that you're effectively training your dog.
When you use your remote training device correctly and consistently, you should quickly see an improvement in your canine companion's behavior.
Pain medication can be extremely useful in helping a dog recover or improve his quality of life when used correctly and under a veterinarian's supervision.
You'll have to play Sherlock Holmes and do a little detective work to correctly identify the cause and prescribe the remedy.
You'll need to position your fingers on the strings in relation to the fifth fret of your guitar in order to play the chord correctly.
Depending on your skill level as a player, you might need to find multiple forms of notation for a particular song to help you learn how to play it correctly.
Your home will have to be fixed according to the code before you can sell it, which will cost you double the amount of money if you just did it correctly in the first place.
In order for the floor to be laid out correctly the first thing you have to do is establish a center point.
Matching the correctly rated vinyl for your application and understanding your application well beforehand will help eliminate problems later on.
If you want it changed sooner, or if you are unsure about the first ring change, visit a piercing professional to ensure it is done correctly and without damage to the area.
Even hoop earrings, which are relatively robust, can get pulled out of shape or damaged if they are not stored correctly.
For many guys who are new to wearing neckties, necktie instructions are necessary so that they can understand how to select the right tie, and how to wear it correctly.
If you're sure you'll be keeping your suit jacket on, your too-short tie may not lie correctly against your shirt.
Your hands will learn the moves properly so that, even though you'll still need practice, you will have an inherent understanding of how to tie the knot correctly.
Since your suit will likely be worn to a crowded or at least semi-populated venue, you can count on people noticing if it doesn't fit you correctly.
If you purchase the wrong size, the bra band will be uncomfortable and the front of the bra may not fit correctly around your breasts.
Some styles have strap adjustments in the back which provide a smooth look in the front under t-shirts, but the metal clips on the adjustments can be uncomfortable in the back if the bra does not fit correctly.
Wearing a bra that fits correctly enhances the appearance of a full figured woman, giving her a sleek profile that is alluring and romantic.
To measure hips correctly, hold the top of the tape measure at your natural waist, and measure down eight inches.
For outside events where food may be out for a long period of time, practicing food safety correctly will help keep anyone from becoming sick.
Sometimes it is good to follow a video because it makes it more fun and helps you know if you are doing the movements correctly.
You can feel confident that the mask will function correctly since all masks are approved by the federal Food and Drug Administration (FDA) before they are sold in the United States.
A leaking mask is a problem for CPAP users because the escaping air reduces the pressure and prevents the CPAP from performing correctly.
After the appliance is developed, Dr. Cherin will make sure the appliance is fitted and worn correctly and that the appliance is effective in controlling the sleep apnea.
A trainer can help you to become familiar with using gym equipment correctly to ensure that you do not sustain any injuries.
Your accurate prescription, including the distance between your pupils so that the prescription is lined up correctly for your proportions in the lenses (you'll need to find your pupillary distance yourself if you are ordering online).
They will also take a measurement to find the distance between your pupils so that the prescription is lined up correctly in the lenses.
When they are placed correctly, press them down firmly to push the excess water out and dab them off with a lint-free cloth.
However, in  Johannes Kepler correctly contested that both types of lenses could be used in relieving any vision deficiencies.
In addition, you will be able to try out a pair before committing to a box to make sure that they sit correctly on your eye, feel comfortable, and if you need vision correction, contain the perfect prescription for crystal clear vision.
Some of the cubes stack, and if you utilize a stack correctly and cause a falling cube to become part of another chain, that is called a "Cubis", and you get bonus points.
When this is set up correctly, you can leave the game running like this unattended for as many hours as you like.
To motivate you, the game gives out trophies for achieving certain things like exercising with a friend or finishing the  Day Challenge correctly (which means you didn't skip a day and you completed all the required exercises).
Many longtime fans of role playing games have fond memories of Final Fantasy IV -- or, more correctly, of Final Fantasy II -- for the Super NES.
The millionaire games have you picking which one of the four answers is spelled correctly in order to climb the money ladder.
They'll be named correctly, but if you aren't sure which file is which, a still of the video is displayed.
If done correctly you will hear a chime and you will get a message that pops up on your screen.
After you play the main games, check out the practice mini-games, which can really improve your skills if used correctly.
A labrador will learn much faster than a chihuahua, so be patient with your pup and give ample rewards for correctly performed tricks, such as treats, a comb or a good long petting session.
Once, when a Tsunami of blood shot from one victim, the frame-rate decreased dramatically and the controls would not respond correctly.
Be sure to add two exclamation points before amaudite and one exclamation point after or the code will not work correctly.
If you do everything correctly at around midnight Santa Claus will be transported into your Sim's home and will leave some gifts.
As the music plays, button and directional configurations flash on the screen and hitting them correctly and in rhythm gets your guy/girl moving smoothly to the music.
You'll also notice that there are several unauthorized video game patches created by the gaming community that may or may not be necessary for the game to operate correctly.
Much like the Forecast Channel, the News Channel needs an internet connection to work correctly, but as soon as you have your network connection all set up, you will be receiving news reports from all around the world.
The modern wine cellar is compact, fits into your home décor and has a number of self-monitoring features that help you store your wine correctly.
When you've chosen a rack, measured for it and made sure it suits your needs, make sure to install it correctly.
When done correctly, however, it is some of the most highly prized wine in the world and a favorite of many experts.
Many labels come with instructions inside the package to help you set up your word processing program so that it prints the labels correctly on the sheet.
By checking out fair market RV values before determining an asking price, you can be certain that your camper is priced correctly for its condition and age.
Most cell phones designed for use in the United States (or other countries) are probably not on the same sort of cell phone network, and will not work correctly - or at all - in a foreign country.
They help the child to bite and chew food, help them speak correctly, save space for the child's permanent teeth, and help guide the permanent teeth into place.
Afterwards, they can use a belt-positioning booster seat, which provides a taller sitting height so that the adult lap and shoulder belts fit correctly.
As children get older and start riding a bike, a scooter, or using skates, they should always wear a correctly fitting helmet.
All children at this age take a little while to develop good walking skills, coherent speech, and an effective immune system, so it often takes a few years before A-T is correctly diagnosed.
Diabetes mellitus is a chronic disease in which the body is not able to correctly process glucose for cell energy due to either an insufficient amount of the hormone insulin or a physical resistance to the insulin the body does produce.
Parents whose children are using their antiasthmatic drugs correctly but feel their asthma is not under control should see consult their child's physicians.
Eisenmenger's complex is a ventricular septal defect coupled with pulmonary high blood pressure, an enlarged right ventricle, and sometimes an aorta that is not positioned correctly.
However if the six-year-molars erupt properly and if the jaw is large enough, the permanent teeth have a good chance of coming in correctly.
In newborns, congenital duodenal obstruction can occur when the duodenal channel (duodenal lumen) is not correctly formed (recanalized) during fetal development.
When the transducer is placed correctly on the maternal abdomen, the sound waves bounce off the fetal heart and are picked up by the electronic monitor.
A lisp is a functional speech disorder that involves the inability to correctly pronounce one or more sibilant consonant sounds, usually s or z.
Lisping is a speech disorder characterized by the inability to correctly pronounce the sounds of s or z, known as the sibilant consonants.
When a child cannot produce these sounds correctly, the condition is usually not considered a true lisp, but is a functional speech disorder.
Mild hearing loss involving high frequencies may also impair a child's ability to hear language correctly and be able to repeat phonetic sounds.
The child's hearing and teeth should be checked periodically to make sure he or she can hear speech clearly and form words correctly.
Asphyxia neonatorum is a neonatal emergency as it may lead to hypoxia (lowering of oxygen supply to the brain and tissues) and possible brain damage or death if not correctly managed.
As the facial paralysis of Bell's palsy is usually perceived correctly by parents to be a neurological condition, neurologists are often consulted.
There is a possibility that a permanent tooth that has been knocked out can be re-implanted if handled promptly and correctly.
If a dentist can see the child within half an hour and the tooth has been preserved correctly, there is a possibility that it may be successfully re-implanted.
Every year millions of people of all ages suffer from bouts of vomiting and diarrhea blamed correctly on something they ate.
Congenital hypothyroidism is a disorder that affects infants from birth, resulting from the loss of thyroid function due to the failure of the thyroid gland to develop correctly.
Studies show that fewer than one of every  females who use oral contraceptives correctly becomes pregnant during the first year of use.
An example of a criterion-referenced test is a timed arithmetic test that is scored for the number of problems answered correctly.
If the tube that becomes the brain and spinal cord does not close correctly during fetal development, AFP may leak through this abnormal opening and enter the amniotic fluid.
If the ductus arteriosus closes correctly, the blood pumped from the heart goes to the lungs, back into the heart, and then out to the body through the aorta.
Healthy people have an adequate number of correctly sized red blood cells containing enough hemoglobin to carry sufficient oxygen to all the body's tissues.
The eustachian tube, which connects the middle ear to the nose, normally equalizes pressure in the middle ear, allowing the eardrum and ossicles to vibrate correctly, so that hearing is normal.
You will also read a "level", which discerns for you ahead of time how much dance experience is expected to pull off the dance correctly after a few practice runs.
Arab belly dancing is more correctly known as "Middle Eastern dance" by those who love to both watch and perform it.
The best method to ensure that you get everything correctly is to practice the steps immediately after getting home from the class; try to reproduce the new steps or combinations at home.
From video content that ensures you're performing dance steps correctly to how-to articles to make your own accessories, you'll never run out of ideas and inspiration with articles you can trust.
Applying the remedies, known as feng shui cures, must be done with the proper intention so they are activated correctly.
Feng shui cures or remedies are more correctly called enhancers because they enhance the chi energy in your home and help restore proper balance of the five elements.
For detailed instructions on drawing a sketch of your home or space and placing the bagua chart correctly on your sketched floor plan visit Feng Shui Vibes.
Having a high quality wig made with human hair promises great results, but it does little good if you're not able to apply the wig correctly.
It will not touch the surrounding skin so it doesn't matter what color your skin is for the procedure to work correctly.
The key to a great inverted look, however, is trusting your stylist to help you choose the best options and to learn how to style it correctly.
A hair video will correctly demonstrate how to use the iron along with other useful tips that can benefit the health of your hair.
Although it may seem to be common sense, these tips are often left out of packaged instructions, yet are major players when it comes to using the tool correctly.
Experts agree that the half up, half down look is the fastest and easiest updo to create and, done correctly, will look great all day.
Understanding why we shave underarm hair and how to do it correctly to avoid unwanted nicks and razor burns can help you remove your underarm hair the best way for you.
Bangs on thick hair never seem to lay correctly, and you'll spend more time flattening and taming frizz than enjoying the edgy look of bangs.
While a bang may seem like a harmless addition to any haircut, they can be problematic on the best styles if they aren't styled correctly.
Penmanship, if taught at all, is best taught using fat crayons or short and stubby pencils, as it forces their little fingers to hold the pencil correctly rather than grabbing it with their whole fist.
Sure, today's adults have word processing programs and spell check, but there are occasions when you need to know how to spell something correctly, such as on a job application.
By the end of the week, he should be able to rewrite the selection as you dictate it and put the punctuation in correctly.
The form is your opportunity to tell the employer about yourself, so you want to make sure you fill it in correctly.
A certain number of telephone calls between customer service personnel and customers are recorded to ensure that Company policies and procedures are being followed correctly.
Similar to the two monthly mortgage calculators already explained, you will have to enter in certain information for this calculator to correctly compute the amount of your mortgage payment.
Although it takes fewer than  steps to make a paper rose of this quality, the skill level needed to correctly execute those steps is advanced-intermediate.
Whether you are folding a paper poinsettia or you want to make simple tissue paper origami flowers, having direction is imperative for folding the figure correctly.
