
It was nice having Alex home all day and having the family together, but all good things come to an end.
Maybe it was good for them - I don't know, but I don't think it's going to be good for you - or Alex.
He soon learned all that his teacher could teach; for he was bright and quick, and had a good memory.
By some means, however, he learned to read; and after that he loved nothing so much as a good book.
But my guess is that we will be able to do this and even make existing "good" genes perform better.
It means I can trade you a good or service for an intermediate store of value known as money, and then trade that money to the person who actually has the goods I want.
They say that Arion, being a good swimmer, kept himself afloat until this ship happened to pass by and rescued him from the waves.
When I get my thoughts arranged in good order I do not like to have anything upset them or throw them into confusion.
While the horses were being harnessed Alpatych and Ferapontov over their tea talked of the price of corn, the crops, and the good weather for harvesting.
A good chessplayer having lost a game is sincerely convinced that his loss resulted from a mistake he made and looks for that mistake in the opening, but forgets that at each stage of the game there were similar mistakes and that none of his moves were perfect.
Then he tried to tell what it was like, what it was good for, and what was done with it.
A farmer is as good as any other man; and where there's no room for a farmer, there can be no room for me.
One was a fine gardener; another could take care of horses; a third was a good cook; a fourth could manage a household.
I often tell them stories or teach them a game, and the winged hours depart and leave us good and happy.
I have no idea how they do it but if my money helps to save lives; it is being put to good use.
One fair-haired young soldier of the third company, whom Prince Andrew knew and who had a strap round the calf of one leg, crossed himself, stepped back to get a good run, and plunged into the water; another, a dark noncommissioned officer who was always shaggy, stood up to his waist in the water joyfully wriggling his muscular figure and snorted with satisfaction as he poured the water over his head with hands blackened to the wrists.
Nicholas also noticed that look and, as if understanding it, flushed with pleasure and began to kiss the boy with good natured playfulness.
Good night! said Pierre, giving his hand to the Swiss tutor, and he turned to young Nicholas with a smile.
They claimed to have done so in the spirit of good will and a desire to protect the privacy of the tipster.
You see, though I trust Aldo Benitez with my life, for good reason, he has endured a somewhat checkered past.
Sure, I knew what I was considering was contemptible but I figured all I was doing was identifying him; not stopping the good stuff he was doing... what all you guys, were doing up here.
Apparently he spent a lot of time on the back of a horse, riding his range in all kinds of weather - a fact that prompted more than one comment by townsfolk that he had wasted a good college education.
Actually, it could stand a good washing and a paint job, but surely he didn't expect her to do that.
If you'll think back, my message was that spending a few nights together wasn't a good reason to get married.
He played along with her banter but it was interesting to see he was savoring everything she said like the good wine we were sharing.
It's like we try to do good and theses unintended side effects occur; the deputy sheriff in Alabama, that Youngblood jerk in California, plus the parents murdered just so the discovery of their child's abduction would be delayed.
I begged her to tell me, but she just bawled and said it was good that I became a priest so I could ask for forgiveness.
I wanted to remind this troubled soul of the good he'd wrought but thoughts of Betsy prevented my saying the words.
He'll make a good warrior, one I can train to kill a couple pain in the asses I can't get rid of otherwise.
There was right and wrong, good and evil, and every human but the woman before him had fallen for some temptation of the dark side.
Another part of her couldn't fathom how a man colder than a sociopath could be working for the side of good.
When Janet told him she was going to home-school Martha, Weller suggested rather firmly it might be a good idea if Martha went back to a more formal setting.
At length, in the beginning of May, with the help of some of my acquaintances, rather to improve so good an occasion for neighborliness than from any necessity, I set up the frame of my house.
I do not mean that exactly, but I mean something which he might think a good deal like that; I mean that they should not play life, or study it merely, while the community supports them at this expensive game, but earnestly live it from beginning to end.
Marry when you are old and good for nothing--or all that is good and noble in you will be lost.
I should make too good a target for the French, besides I am afraid I should hardly be able to climb onto a horse.
Glory, the good of society, love of a woman, the Fatherland itself--how important these pictures appeared to me, with what profound meaning they seemed to be filled!
He gazed at the caleches and carriages in which soldiers were riding and remarked that it was a very good thing, as those vehicles could be used to carry provisions, the sick, and the wounded.
The cool rain felt good against his hot skin, and he stood in the dark walkway between the gym and the house, soothed by the storm.
Damian suspected what kind of hell Dusty had been through and was pleased to see his trusted friend looking good.
I think I'm doing pretty damn good, considering I would've been able to kill him if you hadn't shot and run me over, he replied in irritation.
The training was part of what Damian wanted her there to do, and she mixed training with good old-fashioned spy techniques.
If I have a doctor's note saying I'm under their care, isn't that good enough until they figure it out?
I'm rebuilding as fast as I can, but it ain't easy finding new Guardians, let alone those who make good agents.
There was no further official word on Martha's whereabouts, but Fred continued to assure the Deans not to worry, saying the girl was in good hands, whatever that meant.
Then some of his friends at the funeral said they thought it was that sheriff guy Fitzgerald who planted it so he could arrest Billy and look good for the election.
Neither a hero nor a Good Samaritan, Wynn found himself retreating to the far wall, in case the worst-case scenario happened, and one of the powerful creatures decided to act.
Deidre made a deal with the Dark One, one good enough to bring her soul back from the dead, combine the two Deidres, cure the tumor of one and release the final product from Hell.
It sounded far too good to be true, especially since Darkyn knew who she was and what he might extort out of Gabriel to have his mate returned.
He needed the reminder of the good in the world, because he saw none of it from the shadows where he spent his life.
It was good that Cora had faith in Gabriel when he was losing death dealers who no longer believed in him.
He felt good after the night with his mate, and it was too nice outside to take a portal when he had the energy to walk.
He banged himself up fairly badly—broke a couple of ribs, did something to his knee and leg, whacked his head pretty good and cut up his face.
He assumed it was Fred, with a tray of food and a peck of good intentions, but just now, even his stepfather was not a welcome visitor.
I might could buy the Annie Quincy look-alike scenario but to me, it's a hard sell to do something horrible like strangling yourself when you have a bottle of perfectly good sleeping pills a hand's reach away.
While he fancied himself at least an experimental, if not good cook, in his present state of mind he found himself reverting to bachelor days of quick-is-best.
Alex wasn't likely to be much help with the farm, but it wouldn't do any good to argue the point with Katie.
I know you think he was high handed about it, but as your guardian, it was his responsibility to encourage you to get a good education.
It was a good twenty degrees warmer than when they got up this morning and the snow was even beginning to melt - a sure thing to bring on kidding.
In fact, he must have given the goat a good deal of attention to be able to identify her from the other Toggenburgs.
The excitement at the coop had cost Alex his chance to watch a birth, but he accepted the loss in good humor.
Normally the animals were her first concern, but if Alex had spent the night in the barn, he needed the warmth a good hot meal could offer.
Brady's arm of the militia, the Appalachia Branch, stretched from northern Georgia up through Virginia and was one of the largest in the PMF, the only thing good to come of the East-West Civil War.
To an outsider, he appeared as confident and fresh as a man just starting a mission after a good night's sleep.
He'd had a lot of women throw themselves at him, most of them more interested in the genetically altered body that made him as good in bed as he was in battle.
Elise and Dan were a good team, relaying hand signals and other silent communications with nothing more than a glance at each other.
Aside from the chunks missing along the edges from the townspeople dragging it, it looked like it was in good shape.
He knew Tim to be wealthy, but he could fit a good chunk of his militia in the house alone.
Gabriel cursed under his breath.  He had no way of knowing what kind of test a deity like Death could create, but it wasn't likely to be good.  While he had full faith in Rhyn, he also knew better than to trust the petite woman in white standing in his dream.
After all, it was where he and Katie spent the few good moments they'd had, where he'd found something worth living for.
And then I saw how good his heart is.  He's a train wreck, but he's honorable and capable of such good.  Kris pulled me into this world and assumed I'd do what I was told like a good little human.  But when I told Rhyn I wanted to leave him, he asked for another chance.  It's like he woke up then and realized he wasn't in Hell anymore or trapped by his brothers' expectations.
Or I could stay right here and watch Darkyn pull you limb from limb.  That's my idea of a good time.
Rhyn does understand, but he can't control what he is.  Even if he wanted to do good, he'd fail.  He's too weak to control his impulses, Kris.
Once in a while I get broken up some, but I am easily repaired and put in good order again.
Then try to tell what it is, what it is like, what it is good for, and what is done with it.
We look at antique furniture today and say, "Man, they sure don't make stuff as good as they used to."
Love your Heavenly Father with your whole heart and soul, love every child of God as much as ever you can, and remember that the possibilities of good are greater than the possibilities of evil; and you have the key to Heaven.
Boris belonged to the latter and no one else, while showing servile respect to Kutuzov, could so create an impression that the old fellow was not much good and that Bennigsen managed everything.
The bombshell blonde always threw good dinner parties with fun themes; this theme had been Disco Night, complete with lava lamps, disco ball, tacky 's music that still jammed out the open windows, and costumes for those who chose to wear them.
How did you tell your best friend that aliens were real and oh, by the way, I married one and am taking you with me to his planet, for your own good?
That they were going to some other planet millions of light years from earth because Romas knew a few good men they'd like to hook her up with?
The translator was not always good at picking up every word, but she didn't need the translation of the unknown word.
She appeared to be telling a story, and not a very good one based on the angry shade to her features.
It was a good, perfect little life, so much more than she ever expected, with the exception that her best friend in the universe-- Kiera-- might as well have been dead to her as far as Romas and his clan were concerned.
She wasn't good at handling drama; Evelyn had always been like a perfect older sister, capable of patience and listening.
She stiffened at the reality and couldn't decide if it were good to keep the distance between them or if she really wanted more.
He seemed to assume she was staying for good, and she didn't know how to tell him A'Ran had given her a choice she hadn't yet made.
Romas said I was crazy with hormones, but I spoke to someone on the Council who thought it was a good idea.
You should consider taking steps to assure your husband understands that you've left him for good and want no further contact with him.
Unless the missus gets an court order on him or a good lawyer, she's back in the nest, and so's the boy.
And we both know if Shipton is a beater, chances are good she'll just keep on taking it, until he kills her or gets what he wants.
Meanwhile Donnie and Martha, with Cynthia's help, tried to revive the mortally wounded creature but the prognosis was not good.
Most women were putty in the old man's hands, but Claire Quincy had pushed all the wrong buttons and short-circuited his good nature.
While the equipment didn't match what was displayed on the cover of current ski magazines, they looked surprisingly good for the twenty bucks Fred said he'd paid for them, with boots and poles part of the package.
Finally, in an attempt to change the subject, he asked, You seem to be making pretty good progress deciphering the notebook.
He's a good looking guy, wealthy, by the sound of it, and frankly, Edith isn't the catch of the day.
If I had a date when this Lola lady died, I might find something, but I'm not sure what good it would do us.
In spite of good intentions, he must have dozed as he woke to the sound of someone on the stairs.
I suppose you've got a good reason why you tried to beat the brains out of a guy holding an ice ax, in the middle of the street with a bunch of people watching.
I didn't sleep worth a damn last night, I got rapped in the head pretty good this morning, and I just drove a couple of hundred miles in a blizzard.
We know you and your good buddy Jake Weller played it fast and loose last summer when that guy Glick got killed.
Maybe it was left up there to implicate you, but there's a good chance it was just plain dropped by accident.
No one would ever be good enough for Sarah in Jackson's eyes, however, as far as boyfriends went, this guy seemed pretty amiable.
Listen, I know I'm not any good at these affairs of the heart, but I am a man, and a man needs time to sit on things before he figures out where his head is at.
There were a few landscapes that were quite good, then he opened the page to a perfect likeness of himself.
I know you would, and I'm asking you not to.  I'm asking you to protect what's left of good in the world.
I think … no, I know that's what I'm meant to do.  I never knew that until I found Katie and I started to realize –" "- you can use your demon powers for good."
That's probably a good thing.  The last thing you want is Death's spies telling her you're coming to kill her.
You can't trust the good guys, because they'll use you for science experiments, and the bad guys put you in Hell.
She needed sleep and real food.  Her hand went instinctively to her stomach, and she couldn't help wondering if the food and water cubes were good for the baby.
We can do more good by engaging Death from some place other than where she has absolute power.  She has no reason to negotiate with us.
He feared the palace would go down with Death, what with the nonsense she was spouting about leaving.  He took in his best friend's features, uncertain whether becoming Death was a good thing or not.  Gabe looked the same, and hopefully, he wouldn't turn into the riddle-talking sociopath that preceded him.
It led to the last apocalyptic age that predated my predecessor here.  It was not a good time, Rhyn.  I'm hoping I can calm the waters down.
He had awakened a few moments before the usual time, ordinarily a good sign, but after rubbing open his eyes, he discovered it was a white day, hazy and sultry, without a speck of blue in the sky.
Each passing year brought the mayhem further northward, causing the old timers and the local newspaper to fret for the good old days when violence was no worse than a dog fight.
Dean made surprisingly good time driving to Philadelphia in spite of having taken longer than he had planned interviewing the wife of the missing man.
