
Newton accepted the three subclasses of Huxley, Saururae, Ratitae and Carinitae, and made a series of cautious but critical observations on the minor divisions of the Carinates.
They decided against it, cautious about frightening off Byrne if he should get wind of the search and realize someone was this close to finding him.
If Sam was going to take care of the horses, it was important that she know which ones to be cautious with.
The Church of Rome has discouraged these daring tactics in favour of the more cautious and probably more defensible positions of Aquinas.
Undoubtedly also commercial confidence was restored by the reconstruction in  of the Bank of New Zealand, and activity has been stimulated by large public loans, while more cautious banking and the systems of taxation and rating on land values, adopted in  and , have done something to check land speculation.
In reality the young tsar had no intention of embarking on wild political adventures, and was fully determined not to let his hand be forced by men less cautious than himself.
For a time, therefore, the Protestants had to be cautious in Poland proper, but they found a sure refuge in Prussia, where Lutheranism was already the established religion, and where the newly erected university of Konigsberg became a seminary for Polish ministers and preachers.
The opportunity came with the old king's death in , for James, with all his pedantry, was too wise and cautious to embark in Laud's rash undertakings, and had already shown a prudent moderation, after setting up bishops in Scotland, in going no further in opposition to the religious feelings of the people.
In his foreign policy Horn was extremely wary and cautious, yet without compromising either the independence or the self-respect of his country.
After a cautious advance the eagerness of the troops finally overcame the hesitation of the commander in exposing his men, the rifle pits were carried with a rush, and the rebellion crushed at a single stroke.
These, with other inscriptions on stone and on bronze plates brought home by Englishmen, found a cautious and sound interpreter in Osiander.
Unlike some of his predecessors, he had no grand, original schemes of his own to impose by force on unwilling subjects, and no pet crotchets to lead his judgment astray; and he instinctively looked with a suspicious, critical eye on the panaceas which more imaginative and less cautious people recommended.
He made no secret of his Lutheran views, and his outspokenness brought him into collision, not only with the Catholic Rigsraad, but also with his cautious and temporizing father.
The young emperor was frank and cordial; Frederick was more cautious, for he detected under the respectful manner of Joseph a keen ambition that might one day become dangerous to Prussia.
He was a successful leader in guerilla warfare, alert and quick, yet cautious - a man, moreover, whose personal bravery was unquestioned.
Being a master of its methods, but very cautious in accepting assertions about its results, he secured attention early in the Free Church for scientific criticism, and yet threw the whole weight of his learning and his caustic wit into the argument against critical extravagance.
Pick pocketing is a concern for anybody, but it is wise to be extra cautious when wearing handbag styles which prevent you from seeing the bag portion at all times.
Anyone swapping files on any PP network needs to be cautious, consider the source of the files they are downloading, and make sure their virus protection system is always updated.
Some of these lessons are invaluable because they show children how important it is to be cautious and help them explore their fears of the unknown.
Be cautious in using topical medications, as the skin can easily become dried out from the active acne-fighting ingredients in many over-the-counter treatments.
Carefully remove the band-aid and, if you have been cautious and meticulous, the original color of polish will show up in the shape of perfect hearts, stars, or whatever else you have chosen!
This can give you a really unique look, but again you have to be cautious of nail damage and weakening that is easily caused by this form of nail decor.
Until your child is school-aged (and even after, if they have especially sensitive skin), you should be cautious of items containing mineral oil or other petrochemicals.
Not every suspicious pimple or mole ends up being a malignant melanoma, and no physician will criticize you acting on the cautious side.
Be cautious about downloading any files, either to acquire your new layout, or through a promotion in one of the site's ads.
If you don't want coworkers or neighbors viewing your personal photos, be cautious when giving out the URL of an image.
He was grave and gay, affable and dignified, cruel and gentle, mean and generous, eager for fame yet not vain, impulsive and cautious, secretive and open.
There was only a cautious and gradual extension of the right to vote in Diet and municipal elections in the several territories; and it was not till Jan.
Macdonald continuing from that time without a break until his death in , while his party remained in power till » This long-continued Conservative supremacy was apparently due to the policy of bold and rapid development which it had adopted, and which appealed to a young and ambitious country more strongly than the more cautious proposals of the Liberal leaders.
The chief difference between the two treatises is one which twenty years' experience in affairs could not but bring - the substitution of more cautious and guarded language, less dogmatic affirmation, more allowance for exceptions and deviations.
But the likeness probably goes deeper than superficial resemblance that appeals to the eye, for spiders which distinguish flies from bees by touch and not by sight, treat drone-flies after touching them, not in the fearless way they evince towards bluebottles (Calliphora), but in the cautious manner they display towards bees and wasps, warily refraining from coming to close quarters until their prey is securely enswathed in silk.
Now in the series of operations, the blastfurnace, puddling and crucible processes, through which the iron passes from the state of ore to that of crucible tool steel, it is so difficult to detect just which are the conditions essential to excellence in the final product that, once a given procedure has been found to yield excellent steel, every one of its details is adhered to by the more cautious ironmasters, often with surprising conservatism.
A strong sense of duty, genuine piety, and a cautious but by no means pusillanimous common-sense coloured every action of his patient, laborious and eventful life.
He had written to the Waldenses that it is better not to baptize at all than to baptize little children; now he was cautious, would not condemn the new prophecy off-hand; but advised Melanchthon to treat them gently and to prove their spirits, less they be of God.
The "principate," to give the new form of government its most appropriate name, was a compromise thoroughly characteristic of the combination of tenacity of purpose with cautious respect for forms and conventions which distinguished its author.
Though to this, the last prince of Wales, political sagacity and a firm desire for peace have often been ascribed, it must be admitted that he showed himself both turbulent and rash at a time when the most cautious diplomacy on his part was essential for his country's existence.
She herself grew more cautious and conservative than ever, and was regarded as an obstacle by the hotheads in war and religion.
I The allusion to the ark warns us to be cautious in assuming the laws of the Mishna to have been ever in force.
Even the Counter-Reformation, so far as it was a matter of doctrine (Council of Trent, -), took the form of reaffirming a cautious version of Augustinianism.
He is one of the speakers in the Phaedo of Plato, in which he is represented as an earnest seeker after virtue and truth, keen in argument and cautious in decision.
A cautious and versatile diplomatist like Bernhard von Billow appears to be best adapted to the personal and political necessities of the present situation."
Moreover, the substance of Shaftesbury's main argument was adopted by Butler, though it could not pass the scrutiny of that powerful and cautious intellect without receiving important modifications and additions.
But to Butler's more cautious mind the completeness of this harmony did not seem sufficiently demonstrable to be taken as a basis of moral teaching; he has at least to contemplate the possibility of a man being convinced of the opposite; and he argues that unless we regard conscience as essentially authoritative - which is not implied in the term " moral sense " - such a man is really bound to be vicious; " since interest, one's own happiness, is a manifest obligation."
In the ethical discussion of Shaftesbury and sentimental moralists generally this question drops naturally out of sight; and the cautious Butler tries to exclude its perplexities as far as possible from the philosophy of practice.
The chief differences between Burnet's original draft as represented by the Bodleian MS. and the printed history consist in a more lenient view generally of individuals, a modification of the censure levelled at the Anglican clergy, changes obviously dictated by a general variation in his point of view, and a more cautious account of personal matters such as his early relations with Lauderdale.
Any careful perusal of modern attempts to recover historical facts or an historical outline from the book will show how very inadequate the material proves to be, and the reconstructions will be found to depend upon an interpretation of the narratives which is often liberal and not rarely precarious, and to imply such reshaping and rewriting of the presumed facts that the cautious reader can place little reliance on them.
Their proceedings were very cautious and tentative; they excited the curiosity and interest of even the more intelligent Chinese by their clocks, their globes and maps, their books of European engravings, and by Ricci's knowledge of mathematics, including dialling and the projection of maps.
Thus the triple alliance of Adalberos bold and adroit imperialism with the cautious and vacillating ambition of the duke of the Franks, and the impolitic hostility towards Germany of the ruined Carolingians, resulted in the unhooked-for advent of the new Capetian dynasty.
But the scattered heterogeneity of his possessions, the frequent crippling of his authority by national privileges or by political discords and religious quarrels, his perpetual straits for money, and his cautious calculating character, almost outweighed the advantages which he possessed in the terrible Spanish infantry, the wealthy commerce of the Netherlands, and the inexhaustible mines of the New World.
The cautious Lutheran princes of Germany, especially Augustus I., elector of Saxony, were not enthusiastic in support of Gebhard, whose friendly relations with the Calvinists were not to their liking; and although Henry of Navarre, afterwards Henry IV.
He behaved constantly like a wary and cautious trimmer, avoiding all extreme measures, shaking off compromising allies like the Ultramontanes and the Regionalists, elbowing out of the cabinet General Polavieja when he asked for too large credits for the army, taking charge of the ministry of marine to carry out reforms that no admiral would have ventured to make for fear of his own comrades, and at last dispensing with the services of the ablest man in the cabinet, the finance minister, Seor Villaverde, when the sweeping reforms and measures of taxation which he introduced raised a troublesome agitation among the taxpayers of all classes.
Kepler was more cautious in his opinion; he spoke of astronomy as the wise mother, and astrology as the foolish daughter, but he added that the existence of the daughter was necessary to the life of the mother.
Thus far, he didn't know what it was he was supposed to need from the nun in front of him, and he was too cautious to set this bridge on fire.
It didn't break the triumvirate of laws he was required to follow, though it was likely to put him on the radar of the other deities, who were going to be cautious to trust him after past-Death's antics.
Remember to include clear refund instructions in your listing Receiving Payment with PayPal Many buyers are understandably cautious about sending money to strangers.
A report of the UK Farm Animal Welfare Council Report (FAWC) is rightly cautious over the potential uses of cloning in animals.
I would not at this stage care to put much money on the outcome - central bankers are a naturally cautious breed.
As long as you're sensible and cautious you shouldn't get robbed; just do n't dawdle when you take your nightly strolls.
His objections were so cautious as to seem equivocal; and so much the more destructive was the attack of the Committee's representatives.
Dealing with bogus callers Police advise householders throughout the region to be cautious about who they let into their homes.
The cautious grower will always monitor the humidity in his growroom which is measured by another simple device called a hygrometer.
Such considerations have leaded the Bush administration to be more cautious and seek diplomatic tricks and the activities of security services and propaganda machinery.
Harper's Amos and Hosea (see HosEA) () gives the cream of all the good things that have been said before, with a generally sound judgment; it is addressed to advanced students, and is perhaps less cautious than the two former.
Be cautious if you come across a coupon that has typos, a fuzzy bar code, a very long period of use, or is for a savings that seems to good to be true.
Christian yoga certification is more in demand as some members of Christian denominations have been cautious of the Eastern influence that some instructors bring to their yoga practice and prefer to have a Christian-based yoga experience.
Hardly. Once Vista is introduced, the process will begin all over again, with early adopters running for the new while the more cautious small business owners wait and see.
Having been extremely cautious throughout the fight, McIlroy was again urged by his trainer Arthur Melrose to engage the scrapper from Swansea.
Pericles' foreign policy henceforward underwent a profound change - to consolidate the naval supremacy, or to extend it by a cautious advance, remained his only ambition.
Italian politics; prosperous republics, with plenty of money to spend but no leisure or inclination for camp-life; cautious tyrants, glad of every pretext to emasculate their subjects, and courting popularity by exchanging conscription for taxationall combined to favor the new system.
Cool, self-possessed and cautious as a general, Marshal Berwick was at the same time not wanting in audacity and swiftness of action.
As foreign minister he was cautious and circumspect, but when war was necessary he prosecuted it vigorously and left nothing to chance.
In church matters, as in philosophy, the two were opposed,- Pletho maintaining strongly the principles of the Greek Church, and being unwilling to accept union through compromise, while Georgios, more politic and cautious, pressed the necessity for union and was instrumental in drawing up a form which from its vagueness and ambiguity might be accepted by both parties.
Other Christian commentators on the lives of saints are more cautious in their acceptance of these attributes as supernatural in nature.
Moms that don't breastfeed do not have to be cautious about what they eat with a fear that certain undesirable things can be passed on to the infant.
Among companies that offer these kinds of deals, there are varying interest charges and other hidden fees, be very cautious before entering any deal and read all the fine print.
People who are cautious about their feline's nutrient balance can simply supplement their cat's diet with the occasional serving of raw or parboiled organic meats and poultry.
If one partner spends freely and the other one is more cautious with his or her spending habits, this can cause conflict in the marriage.
It could be that your're cautious, or perhaps you've read too many horror stories about online dates gone wrong, and you want to screen your suitors carefully.
Be cautious with this one because you don't want to put yourself in a financial bind, which would cause even more stress in your life.
Parents might want to be cautious when searching out new websites for their teens, since anything can be put on the Internet, some of which are probably not appropriate for young eyes.
While a Google search for "teen modeling" will turn up thousands of results, be very cautious as you move forward toward your modeling career.
If someone with this personality flaw affects you, take care of yourself and be cautious of everything you do that has to do with that person.
Note that this could make you ineligible for your parents' health insurance plan, so be cautious if that is a concern.
You'll need to be cautious about the quality of the merchandise, as well as the security and legality of the website itself when buying online.
This is a good way for anyone who's feeling cautious about trying new things to venture into a whole new sexy world.
An injury later in life is going to take much longer to heal so it's worth it to be cautious and work with a personal trainer.
Be cautious about sharing personal information online that you would not share with strangers in line at the grocery store.
As with all designer shades, you can always check eBay, but be very cautious if you choose to do so.
Be cautious when choosing to enter combat, however, as certain types of weapons and certain types of magics have advantages and disadvantages over other types.
Shigeru was cautious about choosing a career, as he didn't want to get stuck doing something that he didn't enjoy.
I know it sounds weird having someone tell you to be cautious when playing backgammon, but the internet is serious business.
At the same time, LG spokesman Paul Pike is quoted as saying that the output levels were "marginally higher" than the standard and the recall comes from a need to be "overly cautious."
Experts recommend a cautious approach to tissue removal and advise that  to  days must pass before a decision on amputation can safely be made.
Individuals with an immune deficiency disease need to be counseled before taking the vaccine, and anyone with allergic reactions to prior vaccines and preservatives should be cautious.
Some researchers prefer the terms flexible, active or feisty, and cautious instead of the somewhat judgmental terms of easy, difficult, and slow-to-adapt, respectively.
He Shou Wu has been known to cause liver inflammation, so people with liver problems probably shouldn't take this herb, and others should be cautious.
Cautious financial experts would probably advise you to refinance right now into the lowest amortized term you can manage, such as a  or  year term.
Some lenders may be more cautious as far as the ratio they will allow and some will be less cautious.
The young, in particular, are often frivolous with the use of condoms and should always be cautious since this method can be unreliable particularly where 'accidents' happen.
While it's true that you should be cautious purchasing medications at a dollar store, there is no need to worry about the safety of a home pregnancy test.
It's prudent to be cautious, but with some research, you can safely decide what alternative therapies can be helpful in your pregnancy, labor and delivery journey.
Some kids are naturally more adventurous and will jump right into a lake; others are more cautious and may need coaxing before they're willing to get their feet wet.
While it does flatter a variety of figures, the lack of support up top with this suit is a good reason to be cautious before purchasing.
Individuals who are on blood thinning medication such as warfarin or coumadin should be especially cautious about their Vitamin K intake to ensure they do not have adverse reactions.
Surely, a cautious outfit like the Food and Nutrition Board, which decides the RDA, has a few words of warning?
If you will be going to a particularly conservative party, it may be wise to err on the more cautious side and skip the halter.
Cautious historians had come to regard the so-called "Heroic Age" as a prehistoric period regarding which nothing definite was known, or in all probability could be known.
The more complete the picture, however, which may here be obtained of Manichaeisrn, the more cautious must we be in making generalizations from it, for it is beyond doubt that Western Manichaeism adopted Christian elements which are wanting in the original and in the Oriental Manichaeism.
Yet his liberalism was of the most cautious and moderate character, as the Opposition, shortly after his accession (March th, ), discovered to their great chagrin.
After Pultava (June , ), Peter, hitherto commendably cautious even to cowardice, but now puffed up with pride, rashly plunged into as foolhardy an enterprise as ever his rival engaged in.
It is curious that while the popular craving for relics had passed all bounds, medieval theology was very cautious in its declarations on the subject of the veneration of relics.
When the yellow line of nitrogen has disappeared, and no further contraction seems to be in progress, the oxygen maybe removed by cautious introduction of hydrogen.
Keep up moderate temperatures in the stove, and merely repel frosts in the greenhouse, guarding against damp, by ventilation and by the cautious use of water.
After this Frederick and the Calvinists looked for sympathy more and more to the Protestants in France and the Netherlands, whom they assisted with troops, while the Lutherans, whose chief prince was Augustus, elector of Saxony, adopted a more cautious policy and were anxious not to offend the emperor.
Buffon, in a cautious, tentative fashion, suggested rather than stated the mutability of species and the influence of the forces of nature in moulding organisms. Immanuel Kant, in his Theory of the Heavens (), foreshadowed a theory of the development of unformed matter into the highest types of animals and plants, and suggested that the gradations of structure revealed by comparative anatomy pointed to the existence of blood relationship of all organisms, due to derivation from a common ancestor.
But many difficulties with his own people shortly beset his path, due largely to the suspicions aroused by his evident preference for the ardent Roman zeal of the converts, and especially of Manning, to the dull and cautious formalism of the old Catholics.
Yet in the loneliness of life at Berlin the idea of a wife as the comfort of gathering age sometimes rose before his mind - only to be driven away by cautious hesitations as to the capacity of his means, and by the shrinking from the loss of familiar liberties.
Horn had clearly perceived this; and his cautious neutrality was therefore the soundest statesmanship. But the politicians who had ousted Horn thought differently.
Shrewd and cautious, he had a compact and well-ordered realm to show at the end of fifty years of wars.
While perhaps too cautious to be the ideal leader of a young and vigorous community, his grasp of detail, indefatigable industry, and unbending integrity won him the respect even of his political opponents.
His policy seemed tame and cautious, but was entirely justifiable, for within a few months of Roberts departure the inevitable feudal rebellion broke out.
For the French always followed him at a cautious distance, cutting off his stragglers, and restricting the area of his ravages by keeping flying columns all around his path.
Henrys first outburst of self-assertion took the form of reversing his fathers thrifty and peaceful policy, by plunging into the midst of the continental wars from which Coat!England had been held back by his cautious parent.
In the following year \% ellingtons victory at Vitoria signalled the ruin of the French cause in Spain; while Prussia threw off the yoke of France, and Austria, realizing after cautious delay her chance of retrieving the humiliations of , joined the alliance, and in concert with Russia and the other German powers overthrew Napoleon at Leipzig.
In this respect English governments are more, cautious or reactionary than many of those on the continent of Europe, and access to official documents is denied when it is granted elsewhere; even the lapse of a century is not considered, a sufficient salve for susceptibilities which might be wounded by the whole truth.
As with all blind dates or Internet dates, be cautious, use sound judgement, and ensure that expectations are clearly laid out.
Couples interested in micro pave rings need to be cautious when purchasing such a delicate design to ensure they get a high quality ring.
If the company has no Web site and you can't find any mention of what they actually do after conducting some basic background research, be very cautious.
You may need a bit of patience to find the right product and try it at the right time, but with a cautious approach, there is a good chance you will be able to enjoy the delicious convenience of instant oatmeal in a gluten-free format.
If carrying a clear tote, you'll also need to be cautious about leaving valuable items or cash out where they can be spotted by potential theives.
Moving and garage sales are a great alternative if you just need something to get by on for a while, but again, be cautious, especially with larger appliances.
Although sites that let you purchase or trade Olive Garden gift cards can be a great tool for the diner on a budget, be cautious when visiting sites that claim you can win a $ to $ Olive Garden gift card by completing a short survey.
Although Free Book Notes offers a fairly impressive selection of literature study guides, it's best to be cautious when using material from this website.
Any infection left untreated has the potential to escalate into blood poisoning, so it's best to be cautious and seek medical care sooner rather than later.
If you are looking for a bargain, you may want to try EBay but be cautious as many of the watches listed may be knockoffs.
Some of the problems associated with watches are relatively easy to repair, while others call for a more cautious approach.
Individuals with health issues, such as heart conditions and diabetes should be extremely cautious when experimenting with over the counter diet supplements.
You can also use simple online French to English translators, but they don't always translate the phrase perfectly or accurately, so be cautious when using them.
Women usually don't drive as fast as men, and are more cautious when driving, thereby incurring fewer violations, tickets and accidents.
Cynthia gave them both a cautious look but after explaining in detail what needed to be done, she agreed to let the surrogate cooking team give it a try.
At first this cumbrous and complicated instrument of government worked tolerably well under the firm but cautious control of the chancellor, Count Arvid Beernhard Horn Political (q.v.).
Henceforth we observe a determination on his part to rule without a parliament; a passage, cautious and gradual, yet unflinching, from semi-constitutionalism to semi-absolutism.
Yet he was a cautious and in the main a well-intentioned prince, and the extreme moderation of his original demands seems tc prove that he did not at first aim atthe crown.
The present king might be unscrupulous and avaricious, but he was cautious, intelligent and economical; no one would have wished to recall the rgime of that crowned saint Henry VI.
It is a chapter very difficult to write, for while on the one hand an ingenious and speculative historian may refer to the influence of the Crusades almost everything which was thought or done between r too and , a cautious writer who seeks to find Brehier, L'Eglise et l'Orient, p. .
Stanhope, whose politic instinct obliged him to worship the rising rather than the setting sun, remained faithful to the prince, though he was too cautious to break entirely with the king's party.
What is thus suggested is not a rash departure from the general point of view of idealism (by its achievements in every field to which it has been applied, " stat mole sua ") but a cautious inquiry into the possibility of reaching a conception of the world ' The most striking statement of this argument is to be found in Boutroux's treatise De la contingence des lois de la nature, first published in  and reprinted without alteration in .
But he was excessively timid and cautious, and hardly mentions events, like the murder of Becket, which were subjects of controversy.
However, a cautious reasoner will probably rather explain such cases deductively from the doctrine of evolution than endeavour to support the doctrine of evolution by them.
There is a tendency for cautious spinners in England to run no risks and fix the prices of their yarn in accordance with quotations for actual cotton of specified qualities made by their brokers.
Her methods were those of her cautious younger son, Leopold II., and not of her eldest son and immediate successor, Joseph II.
Wellington's policy was thus cautious and defensive, and he had already commenced the since famous lines of Torres Vedras round Lisbon.
For the conflicts which accompanied the first intrusion of philosophy into the theological domain more profound and cautious thinkers with a far ampler apparatus of knowledge had substituted a harmony.
Many traces of myth, legend and " primitive " thought survive in the Old Testament, and on the most cautious estimate they presuppose a vitality which is not a little astonishing.
His ardent zeal was sorely tried by Philip's cautious temperament; and Sir Thomas Stukeley's projected Irish expedition, which Sanders was to have accompanied with the blessings and assistance of the pope, was diverted to Morocco where Stukeley was killed at the battle of Al Kasr al Kebir in .
In the monothelite controversy then raging he acted with cautious reserve, refraining at least from express condemnation of the Typus of Constans II.
The more cautious Cuvier adopted a view of the relationships of animals which, whilst denying genetic connexion as the explanation, recognized an essential identity of structure throughout whole groups of animals.
This activity gained him recognition abroad and gifts of money from the British and Austrian governments; but it made his position as an official in Berlin impossible, for the Prussian government had no mind to abandon its attitude of cautious neutrality.
Most cases were earlier tips as lately, the authorities were far more cautious with our information; often even denying a tip was involved when an arrest occurred.
External research constantly justifies the cautious attitude which has its logical basis in the internal conflicting character of the written traditions or in their divergence from ascertained facts; at the same time it has clearly shown that the internal study of the Old Testament has its limits.
His views were slowly assuming the form which subsequently found such strong expression in his writing; but the progress was slow, and the cautious reserve of his first rationalistic utterances was in striking contrast with his subsequent rashness.
These did not interfere with the general lines of Atkinson's strong and cautious finance, though the first of them was the abolition of his direct tax upon all property, personal as well as real, and the substitution therefor of a landtax of id.
