
This place is creepy.  I don't think I can sleep with bugs the size of my hand just waiting for me to fall asleep so they can crawl all over me.
Haunted graveyards can be some of the spookiest places for several reasons, but most people find these locations particularly creepy because they are tangible reminders of death.
Vampire contact lenses, horror lenses, and other types of creepy lenses are perfect for surprising unsuspecting friends and strangers as part of a costume, clubwear, or your everyday clothing.
You may find vampire contact lenses under headings like goth, scary, creepy, theatrical, or crazy contact lenses; they aren't always labeled specifically as vampire lenses.
These styles, obviously not particularly suited to daily use, impart an "alien" type look to the wearer, great for Halloween or other "creepy" occasions.
Let me tell you that watching your Sixth Sense start to rise is kind of creepy because ANYTHING could be near by.
A creepy alien race has been looking for a new home and they have their sights set on the Mushroom Kingdom.
From creepy third-party horror games like D to in-house developed racers like Daytona USA, the Sega Saturn had a reasonable selection of games, but nowhere close to the huge library found on the Sony PlayStation.
You'll find leftover supplies from previous parties, older decorations that may be used for a vintage Halloween party and other items that can be recycled and made into new creepy Halloween supplies.
Dwight (the American Gareth) looks down-right creepy with glasses that exactly run across the top of his eyebrows and his hair parting.
The setting is downright creepy, sort of a Frankenstein's lab of torture mixed together with an old World War II bunker.
They look pathetically at you and hold big red hearts and felt flowers and things, in a slightly creepy way.
A. I worked with him on The Faculty and he has these piercing blue eyes that women love that I always found quite creepy.
In this remake of the classic  Andre de Toth film that starred Vincent Price, horrors abound in a creepy wax museum.
Whether it is the notion of manufacturing meat or having the computer tell you what you should order at the restaurant, you may have cringed and thought, "Man, that's kind of creepy."
Choose snacks and name them in accordance with the reading material; you may serve Creepy Cookies, Potent Popcorn or Frightening Finger Sandwiches.
Mimes and clowns can also go the creepy route with small details such as painted-on stitches, dripping blood, and outlined eerie smiles.
When the frightful night of All Hollow's Eve rolls around, creepy Halloween makeup ideas for traditional ghouls are sure to help you create a bewitching and scary costume.
No matter how much money or thought you've invested in a creepy Halloween suit, your look will do anything but thrill if you forget to add the finishing touches.
Whether you plan to scare in a traditional witch costume, or choose a tattered zombie creation, these creepy Halloween makeup tips are sure to send chills down everyone's spine!
Consider penciling black stitches from one side of your jaw to the other for a creepy severed look, or draw cracks on the forehead to create the appearance of a cracking skull.
Simply hone your artistic side and you're sure to have an endless supply of creepy ideas once your makeup box is filled with the basics.
Blend with a base color slightly more red than the natural tone of the skin, adding more colors until the desired "creepy" look is achieved.
For men, there are some specific issues that arise with online dating, not the least of which is how to separate yourself from the pack and how to not appear dangerous, creepy or otherwise undateable.
Although gummy worms are easily available and fun, you might want to check out your local candy store to see if they have any other gummy creepy crawlies available.
Choose stories that are not too creepy (especially if you have invited children to your reception) and stories that are local or represent the areas where your guests are coming from.
After successfully recovering from whatever it was that lead to her insane head-shaving, umbrella bashing, creepy Adnan Ghalib dating behavior, Brit was able to see her boys on her own.
If you look closely, however, you'll see that the stripe resembles the X-ray of a spine, making the shirt both a bit creepy and hilarious.
You can find jewelry made with real spiders encased in resin, pendants with realistic looking metal spiders, creepy crawly Gothic spider rings, and vintage-inspired styles that resemble Victorian and Art Deco pieces.
Then there is the other extreme where Halloween costumes require the use of some FX lenses that are downright creepy.
However, you can get lenses with or without vision correction, so no matter what your needs, you can get the look of the vampire, demon, or other creepy character you'd like.
Black contacts-sclera or not-give an undeniably creepy appearance, so when someone wants to make a scary statement, this is one way to go.
When you take one of these creepy tours, you will get the opportunity to see the prison in a way few tourists experience.
The game has a movie feel because of the photographs used and the included CD of creepy, but original music.
Though the tale looks somewhat dark and might seem like a scary movie, it is less horror and gore and more creepy with a hint of sentimentality.
One Hollywood party of note had a theme of Creepy Christmas, so that all the attendees wore a ghoulish theme on holiday cheer.
Prolonged eye contact is another good sign, as long as it's not the creepy kind that makes you feel naked.
Blood stains have been reported to appear on walls, and a creepy presence pervades the atmosphere throughout areas of the house.
These are some of the most popular creepy stories told around campfires and in college dorm rooms throughout the country.
From indoor decorations to outdoor ideas, you can transform your home into a spooky, creepy or amusing environment, perfect for parties and welcoming trick-or-treaters.
Everything from the invitations to the outside of the house, indoor decorations and party food can work together to make the evening creepy.
Be sure to coordinate the invitations, party supplies and decorations for an all out creepy effect to the party as well.
The Mastermind is there for the creepy effect of course, but he also convinces some contestants to work with him.
Thus follows a heart-pounding race for survival, as the remaining crew attempts to avoid becoming host material for the creepy little things.
The clone groups live together, are psychically bonded, and the culture that thus arises is, while normal and healthy to those in it, rather creepy from the outside.
Because I should trust a creepy ghost that looks like someone I once knew over the Immortal who rescued me from Death.
A day and a half with her sister was as much as she could tolerate; faced with the alternative of returning to her creepy apartment with its creepy occupants, she'd tough it out.
The phantom stayed with Katie throughout the night and into the first light of morning.  Katie didn't sleep, not with the creepy phantom and no sign of Gabriel.  She huddled in the hollow of the tree by the lake, praying for Gabe to reappear.
They subsided into silence, and the gravity of her situation hedged in on her again.  She liked talking to Gabe.  He took her mind off her own issues and the creepy forest.
As I observed a few pages ago in "Let Robots Be Robots," an intelligent system like this won't be creepy because we do not want it to be creepy.
She stood spread-eagle until it shrank to fit her, shuddered at the creepy sensation of life-like silk caressing her skin, and hurried out of the bathroom.
