
Sentences
And they defeated the genius Napoleon and, suddenly recognizing him as a brigand, sent him to the island of St. Helena.
He sprang forward and upset an old woman who was catching at a biscuit; the old woman did not consider herself defeated though she was lying on the ground--she grabbed at some biscuits but her hand did not reach them.
Rhyn met her gaze.  She never imagined him being defeated by anything, and she felt pain at the look on his face.
In  B.C. he was defeated at Mantineia by Demetrius Poliorcetes, who invaded Laconia, gained a second victory close to Sparta, and was on the point of taking the city itself when he was called t So Plut.
On the rd of July he defeated the Austrians at Monte Saello, on the th at Lodzone, on the th at Darso, on the th at Condino, on the th at Ampola, on the st at Bezzecca, but, when on the point of attacking Trent, he was ordered by General Lamarmora to retire.
An Angevin fleet and army, under Robert's son Charles, was defeated at Palermo by Giovanni da Chiaramonte in , and in  and  there were further Angevin raids on the island, until the descent into Italy of the emperor Louis the Bavarian distracted their attention.
In  he made a truce at Roxburgh between England and Scotland, and took active part in gathering together the army which defeated the Scots at the Battle of the Standard in August .
In  he was attacked by Penda, and, after an unsuccessful attempt to buy him off, defeated and slew the Mercian king at the battle of the Winwaed.
Shortly afterwards, in , he was defeated and slain in battle on the river Idle by Edwin, who was assisted by the East Anglian king Raedwald.
Aldred, the son of Eadulf, who now ruled north of the Tyne, appealed to Constantine II., king of the Scots, for help, but the Scottish and Northumbrian armies were defeated at Corbridge.
From Edessa Baldwin conducted continual forays against the Mahommedan princes; and in the great foray of , in which he was joined by Bohemund, he was defeated and captured at Balich.
The insurgents were defeated again and again; Chait Sing took to flight, and an augmented permanent tribute was imposed upon his successor.
Musat returned to the island once more and made himself master of it, but was defeated and taken prisoner under the walls of Cagliari in , when the dominion of Pisa was established.
Early in life, as one of the leaders of the Calixtine party, he defeated the Austrian troops of the German King Albert II., son-in-law and successor of King Sigismund.
Charles's sons Robert and Philip landed in Sicily, but after capturing Catania were defeated by Frederick, Philip being taken prisoner (), while several Calabrian towns were captured by the Sicilians.
In  she was anxious to obtain a divorce from Methven, and her desire was on the point of being realized when it was defeated by the intervention of James.
He at once undertook the defence of his wife's dominions from an attack by Louis XI., king of France, and defeated the French forces at Guinegatte, the modern Enguinegatt; on the th of August .
Having defeated the invading Turks at Villach in , the king was eager to take revenge upon the king of France; but the states of the Netherlands would afford him no assistance.
Aided by France they defeated the German troops, and the peace of Basel in September  recognized them as virtually independent of the empire.
In April  William took the command of a Dutch army for the invasion of Belgium, and in a ten-days' campaign defeated and dispersed the Belgian forces under Leopold I.
A scandalous charge against his mistress Aspasia, which he defeated by his personal intercession before the court, was taken very much to heart by Pericles.
In  Alkmaar gave its name to a convention signed by the duke of York and the French general Brune, in accordance with which the Russo-British army of , men, which was defeated at Bergen, evacuated Holland.
A Roman Catholic tribe, occupying an inaccessible district, they have hitherto defeated every effort of the Turks to encroach on their autonomy.
A sham contest was changed into a fatal fray by the treachery of Ishbaal's men; and in the battle which ensued Abner was not only defeated, but, by slaying Asahel, drew upon himself a bloodfeud with Joab.
The result was a whole series of wars with the Teutonic Order, which now acknowledged Swidrygiello, another brother of Jagiello, as grand-duke of Lithuania; and though Swidrygiello was defeated and driven out by Witowt, the Order retained possession of Samogitia, and their barbarous methods of "converting" the wretched inhabitants finally induced Witowt to rescue his fellow-countrymen at any cost from the tender mercies of the knights.
He was a Free Soil candidate for Congress (), but was defeated; was indicted with Wendell Phillips and Theodore Parker for participation in the attempt to release the fugitive slave, Anthony Burns, in Boston (J); was engaged in the effort to make Kansas a free state after the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska Bill of ; and during the Civil War was captain in the st Massachusetts Volunteers, and from November  to October , when he was retired because of a wound received in the preceding August, was colonel of the First South Carolina Volunteers, the first regiment recruited from former slaves for the Federal service.
He was an ardent leader of the opposition to the Stamp Act, advocating even then a separation of the colonies from the mother country; and in the Continental Congress of  he discussed the situation on the basis of inalienable rights and liberties, and urged an immediate attack on General Thomas Gage, that he might be defeated before receiving reinforcements.
Encouraged by this triumph, he brought in a Bill to prevent any fresh appointments in the Irish Church, and this also passed the Commons, though it was defeated in the Lords.
He fought his way from a lowly demon to the position of Demon Lord and finally defeated the Dark One.
In    he was Democratic candidate for mayor of New York on the Municipal Ownership ticket, and four years later on the Independence League ticket; in  he was candidate for governor of New York on the Democratic and Independence League tickets, in every instance being defeated.
Shishman's son Samuel (-) captured Durazzo; he extended his sway over a great part of the Balkan Peninsula, but was eventually defeated in  by the emperor Basil II., who put out the eyes of ., Bulgarian prisoners.
In  the Normans under Robert Guiscard possessed themselves of Durazzo; Guiscard's son Bohemund defeated the Greeks in several battles and again (i ) laid siege to Durazzo, which had been surrendered to them by treachery; failing to take the city, he retired to Italy in .
He rapidly overran Galatia, Phrygia and Asia, defeated the Roman armies, and ordered a general massacre of the Romans in Asia.
But Sulla in Greece and Fimbria in Asia defeated his armies in several battles; the Greek cities were disgusted by his severity, and in  he concluded peace, abandoning all his conquests, surrendering his fleet and paying a fine of  talents.
During what is called the Second Mithradatic War, Murena invaded Pontus without any good reason in , but was defeated in .
Mithradates defeated Cotta, the Roman consul, at Chalcedon; but Lucullus worsted him, and drove him in  to take refuge in Armenia with his son-in-law Tigranes.
In the war of  the Dutch under Admiral Opdam were defeated off Lowestoft by the English fleet commanded by the duke of York.
With , mercenaries, whom he had to train into Roman discipline, he took Carthage, defeated Gelimer the Vandal king, and carried him captive, in , to grace the first triumph witnessed in Constantinople.
Lucas brought in a bill in his first session to effect this reform, but was defeated on the motion to have the bill sent to England for approval by the privy council; and he insisted upon the independent.
In a desperate battle, the natives were defeated with great slaughter, and the territory surrounding the town was divided into ranches, in which the conquered natives had to labour.
The combined forces of Buenos Aires and Chile defeated the Spaniards at Chacabuco in , and at Maipu in ; and from Chile the victorious general Jose de San Martin led his troops into Peru, where on the th of July , he made a triumphal entry into Lima, which had been the chief stronghold of the Spanish power, having from the time of its foundation by Pizarro been the seat of government of a viceroyalty which at one time extended to the river Plate.
In  he invaded Buenos Aires at the head of troops raised chiefly in the province of Entre Rios; but he was defeated at Santa Fe, then at Lujan, and finally was captured in Jujuy and shot, .
The army of the portent's, commanded by Colonel Bartolome Mitre, was defeated at Cepeda by the confederate forces under Urquiza, and Buenos Aires agreed to re-enter the confederation (November , ).
In , when governor of Gaul, he was defeated by the Sigambri (Sygambri), Usipetes and Tencteri, German tribes who had crossed the Rhine.
Marcy in -, was a member of the New York Assembly in , in  and in , being speaker in ; mayor of Utica in , and in  was elected governor of the state over Washington Hunt (-), the Whig candidate, who had defeated him in .
After a severe struggle the Persians were defeated by the emperor Heraclius, who entered Jerusalem in triumph in   bringing with him the holy cross, which had been carried off by Chosroes.
At Stangabro (Stanga Bridge), close by, an obelisk () commemorates the battle of Stangabro (), when Duke Charles (Protestant) defeated the Roman Catholic Sigismund.
In  he defeated Earl Sveyn, hitherto the virtual ruler of Norway, at the battle of Nesje, and within a few years had won more power than had been enjoyed by any of his predecessors on the throne.
At last Artabanus defeated his rival completely and occupied Ctesiphon; Vonones fled to Armenia, where he was acknowledged as king, under the protection of the Romans.
Essex was inactive near Oxford; in the west Sir Ralph Hopton had won a series of victories, and in the north Newcastle defeated the Fairfaxes at Adwalton Moor, and all Yorkshire except Hull was in his hands.
In May he defeated a greatly superior royalist force at Grantham, proceeding afterwards to Nottingham in accordance with Essex's plan of penetrating into Yorkshire to relieve the Fairfaxes; where, however, difficulties, arising from jealousies between the officers, and the treachery of John Hotham, whose arrest Cromwell was instrumental in effecting, obliged him to retire again to the association, leaving the Fairfaxes to be defeated at Adwalton Moor.
He showed extraordinary energy, resource and military talent in stemming the advance of the royalists, who now followed up their victories by advancing into the association; he defeated them at Gainsborough on the th of July, and managed a masterly retreat before overwhelming numbers to Lincoln, while the victory on the th of October at Winceby finally secured the association, and maintained the wedge which prevented the junction of the royalists in the north with the king in the south.
The estates of only twenty-four leaders of the defeated cause were forfeited by Cromwell, and the national church was left untouched though deprived of all powers of interference with the civil government, the general assembly being dissolved in .
Until his fiery energy made itself felt, hardly any army on either side actually suffered rout; but at Marston Moor and Naseby the troops of the defeated party were completely dissolved, while at Worcester the royalist army was annihilated.
In the spring of  Louis invaded Friesland, and at Heiligerlee, on the rd of May, completely defeated a Spanish force under Count Aremberg, who was killed.
In  the Tatars under Nogai Khan invaded Hungary for the second time, but were defeated by Bela and lost , men.
Gian Paolo Baglioni was lured to Rome in  and beheaded by Leo X.; and in  Rodolfo, who had slain a papal legate, was defeated by Pier Luigi Farnese, and the city, captured and plundered by his soldiery, was deprived of its privileges.
Valentinian attacked them at Solicinium (Sulz in the Neckar valley or Schwetzingen) with a large army, and defeated them with great slaughter, but his own losses were so considerable that he abandoned the idea of following up his success.
Captain Barclay, after a hot engagement - the Battle of Lake Erie - in which Captain Perry's flagship the "Lawrence," a brig, was so severely shattered that he had to leave her, was completely defeated.
A British army, commanded by Marshal Beresford, endeavoured to retake it, and on the th of May defeated a relieving force at Albuera, but the siege was abandoned in June.
In  B.C. they were attacked by Sitalces, king of the Odrysae, who was defeated and lost his life in the engagement.
In  he was elected mayor of New York City, his nomination having been forced upon the Democratic Party by the strength of the other nominees, Henry George and Theodore Roosevelt; his administration (-) was thoroughly efficient and creditable, but he broke with Tammany, was not renominated, ran independently for re-election, and was defeated.
He defeated Odoacer, drove him to Ravenna, besieged him there, and in  completed the conquest of the country by murdering the Herulian chief with his own hand.
The struggle of the Greeks and the Goths was carried on for fourteen years, between  and , when Teias, the last Gothic king, was finally defeated in a bloody battle near Vesuvius.
Already in , the Guelphs of Lombardy had resuscitated their old league, and had been defeated by the Ghibellines in a battle near Ghibello.
Having established Ezzelino in Verona, Vicenza and Padua, he defeated the Milanese and their allies at Cortenuova in , and sent their carroccio as a trophy of his victory to Rome.
Next year Bologna rose against him, defeated his troops and took his son Enzio, king of Sardinia, prisoner at Fossaita.
Manfred was killed; and, when Conradin, a lad of sixteen, descended from Germany to make good his claims to the kingdom, he too was defeated at Tagliacozzo in .
In  he defeated the Florentines at Alto Pascio, and carried home their carroccio as a trophy of his victory over the Guelphs.
His infernal cunning often defeated its own aims, checkmating him at the point of achievement by suggestions of duplicity or terror.
The second and decisive battle was fought upon the Adriatic. The Genoese fleet under Luciano Doria defeated the Venetians off Pola in , and sailed without opposition to Chioggia, which was stormed and taken.
The French armies were more than once defeated by Prince Eugene of Savoy, who drove them out of Italy in .
Meanwhile Macdonald, after struggling through central Italy, had defeated an Austrian force at Modena (June , ), but Suvarov was able by swift movements utterly to overthrow him at the Trebbia (June ).
Melas defeated Championnet near Coni on the th of November; and a little later the French garrisons at Ancona and Coni surrendered.
A force of Tuscan volunteers was attacked by a superior body of Austrians at Curtatone and Montanaro and defeated after a gallant resistance on the th of May; Charles Albert, after wasting precious time round Peschiera, which capitulated on the oth of May, defeated Radetzky at Goito.
On the rd, th and th of July (first battle of Custozza) the Piedmontese were defeated and forced to retire on Milan with Radetzkys superior force in pursuit.
On the th of April General Roman Oudinot landed with  men at Civitavecchia, and Republl on the oth attempted to capture Rome by suprise, but was completely defeated by Garibaldi, who might have driven the French into the sea, had Mazzini allowed him to leave the city.
On the th Garibaldi landed at Marsala, without opposition, defeated the Neapolitan forces at Calatafimi on the th, and on the th entered Palermo in triumph, where he proclaimed himself, in King Victor Emmanuels name, dictator of Sicily.
On the of July the Prussians completely defeated the, ,, strians at Koniggrtz, and on the th Austria Led Venetia to Napoleon, accepting his, mediation gratz.
But for the tactics of Rattazzi, leader of the Left, who, by basing his opposition on party considerations, impeded the secession of Minghetti and a part of the Right from the ministerial majority, Sella would have been defeated.
On the Ith of April  dissensions between ministers concerning the financial programme led to a cabinet crisis, and though Rudini succeeded in reconstructing his administration, he was defeated in the Chamber on the th of May and obliged to resign.
Mangash thereupon took the offensive and attempted to occupy the village of Coatit in Okul-Kusai, but was forestalled and defeated by Baratieri on the th of January .
The defection of a number of native allies (who, however, were attacked and defeated by Colonel Stevani on the I th of February) rendered the Italian position still more precarious; but Baratieri, unable to make up his mind, continued to mancruvre in the hope of drawing an Abyssinian attack.
Kassala was relieved on the st of April, and Stevani a few days later severely defeated the dervishes at Jebel Mokram and Tucruff.
When, however, he was again attacked by Charles Martel, the Saracens renewed their ravages, and Odo was defeated near Bordeaux; he was compelled to crave protection from Charles, who took up this struggle and gained his momentous victory at Poitiers in .
Near the town, round a point marked by an obelisk, was fought in  the decisive battle between the houses of York and Lancaster, in which the earl of Warwick fell and the Lancastrians were totally defeated.
Risings broke out at Urbino and in Romagna, and the papal troops were defeated; Cesare could find no allies, and it seemed as though all Italy was about to turn against the hated family, when the French king promised help, and this was enough to frighten the confederates into coming to terms. Most of them had shown very little political or military skill, and several were ready to betray each other.
When in  Molon, the satrap of Media, rebelled against Antiochus III., his brother Alexander, satrap of Persis, joined him, but they were defeated and killed by the king.
Henry II., duke of Brunswick, then took command of the troops of the league, and after Albert had been placed under the imperial ban in December  he was defeated by Duke Henry, and compelled to fly to France.
Caesar pardoned him for having sided with Pompey, ordered him to resume his royal attire, and hastened against Pharnaces, whom he defeated at Zela.
One of them was defeated by Ammi-zadoq of Babylonia (c.  B.C.); another would have been the Chedor-laomer (Kutur-Lagamar) of Genesis xiv.
The Assyrians pursued the Elamite army to Susa, where a battle was fought on the banks of the Eulaeus, in which the Elamites were defeated, Teumman captured and slain, and Umman-igas, the son of Urtaki, made king, his younger brother Tammaritu being given the district of Khidalu.
Ummanigas afterwards assisted in the revolt of Babylonia under Samassum-yukin, but his nephew, a second Tammaritu, raised a rebellion against him, defeated him in battle, cut off his head and seized the crown.
After a long and severe struggle, he regained Meshed, defeated them in a great battle near Herat in , and drove them out of his dominions.
His first attempt, made in the same year, at the Dolcoath mine in Cornwall, failed in consequence of an accident to one of the pendulums; a second attempt in  was defeated by a flooding of the mine, and many years elapsed before another opportunity presented itself.
His position was assured, at least temporarily, in , when he decided to espouse the cause of the Northumbrian prince Edwin, then a fugitive at his court, and defeated zEthelfrith of Northumbria on the banks of the Idle, a tributary of the Trent, in Mercian territory.
He came finally to Eretria, and, with the help of the Thebans and Lygdamis of Naxos, whom he afterwards made ruler of that island, he passed over to Attica and defeated the Athenian forces at the battle of Pallenis or Pellene.
In response to this call some Russian princes formed a league and went out eastward to meet the foe, but they were utterly defeated in a great battle on the banks of the Kalka (), which has remained to this day in the memory of the Russian common people.
He began war therefore in  and at once captured Smolensk, but in the following year he was defeated, and the war dragged on during more than seven years, with varying successes and without any important result.
A plot to carry off the young Mortimers was defeated; but Mowbray, the earl marshal, who had been privy to it, raised a rebellion in the north supported by Archbishop Scrope of York.
Stephen was defeated and captured at Lincoln (); the empress was acclaimed lady or queen of England (she used both titles indifferently) and crowned at London.
Having failed to secure a re-election to the Senate in ', Harrison was nominated by the Republican party for the presidency in , and defeated Grover Cleveland, the candidate of the Democratic party, receiving  electoral votes to Cleveland's .
He was nominated by his party in  for re-election, but was defeated by Cleveland, this result being due, at least in part, to the labour strikes which occurred during the presidential campaign and arrayed the labour unions against the tariff party.
Delegates to a constitutional convention accordingly drafted a frame of government, which on the lath of January  was submitted to a popular vote and overwhelmingly defeated.
Odoacer, like the emperors who had gone before him, made Ravenna his chief place of residence, and here he shut himself up when Theodoric the Ostrogoth had invaded Italy and defeated him in two battles.
Charles's ambition aimed at wider fields, and when Margaret, countess of Flanders, asked help of the French court against the German king William of Holland, by whom she had been defeated, he gladly accepted her offer of the county of; Hainaut in exchange for his assistance (); this arrangement was, however, rescinded by Louis of France, who returned from captivity in , and Charles gave up Hainaut for an immense sum of money.
The land army arrived soon afterwards, and on the th of February  Charles encountered Manfred at Benevento, where after a hardfought battle Manfred was defeated and killed, and the whole kingdom was soon in Charles's possession.
He gathered a large army consisting partly of Germans and Saracens, but was totally defeated by Charles at Tagliacozzo (rd of August ); taken prisoner, he was tried as a rebel and executed at Naples.
In  Maximian attempted to recover the island, but his fleet was damaged by a storm and he was defeated.
On the death of Domhnall in  Niall Glundubh became king of Ailech, and he then attacked and defeated the king of Dalriada at Glarryford, in County Antrim, and the king of Ulidia near Ballymena.
He soon became a considerable person; married Isaac's sister, and defeated and killed a usurper; but he was repaid by ingratitude and suspicion, and fled from Constantinople to Palestine in .
Though he was not actually defeated, his death in the pass of Muradel in the Sierra Morena, while on his way back to Toledo, occurred in circumstances which showed that no man could be what he claimed to be - "king of the men of the two religions."
Gudrun is carried off by a king of Normandy, and her kinsfolk, who are in pursuit, are defeated in a great battle on the island of Willpensand off the Dutch coast.
The vigorous attacks of the Opposition, led by Baron Sonnino, induced Giolitti to adjourn the debate until the autumn, when, the Cabinet having been defeated on a point of procedure, he resigned (Dec. ).
It is now known, also, that Ben-hadad and a small coalition were defeated by the king of Hamath; but the bearing of this upon Israelite history is uncertain.
Apollonius, the commander of the Syrian garrison in Jerusalem, and Seron the commander of the army in Syria, came in turn against Judas and his bands and were defeated.
When Aretas intervened in the interest of Hyrcanus and defeated Aristobulus, the usurper of his brother's inheritance, the people accepted the verdict of battle, sided with the victor's client, and joined in the siege of Jerusalem.
He was defeated by a candidate of the National Democratic party in East Ham, and none of the Pacifist Labour men with whom he had made common cause found their way into Parliament.
State prohibition had been defeated in  by a vote of ,; in  the Anti-Saloon League organized in the state; in  the Watts Law enacted rural prohibition, giving towns local option, under which many of the towns voted " no licence "; and in  severe police regulations were provided for towns in which saloons were licensed.
In , however, we find the two Celtic peoples at war with one another, for in that year the Britons under their king Owen defeated and slew the Scottish king Domnall Breac. In the same year they came into conflict with the Northumbrian king Oswio.
In  and again in  we hear of further wars between the Britons and the Scots of Dalriada, the former being defeated in both years.
Antipater marched rapidly to its relief at the head of a large army, and the allied force was defeated after a desperate struggle () and Agis was slain.
Being greatly outnumbered, Howe had to stand on the defensive, but he baffled the French admiral at Sandy Hook, and defeated his attempt to take Newport in Rhode Island by a fine combination of caution and calculated daring.
It was at this conjuncture that Warren Hastings displayed his political genius and rendered signal service to his country, by succouring from Bengal the defeated Bombay army and negotiating a peace (in ) that restored the status quo.
It was during the campaigns which ensued that General Arthur Wellesley defeated Sindhia and the Bhonsla raja at Assaye, and General Lake won the victories of Farrukhabad, Dig and Laswari over Sindhia and Holkar.
A few months later the Lesghians in Daghestan, who had risen in revolt, were defeated and their country once more reduced to obedience.
He defeated the Chatti, annexed the district of the Taunus, and established the Limes as a line of defence; but he suffered defeats at the hands of the Quadi, Sarmatae and ' Marcomanni; in Dacia he received a severe check, and was obliged to purchase peace () from Decebalus by the payment of a large sum of money and by guaranteeing a yearly tribute - the first instance in Roman history.
In  Egypt, governed by regents for the boy Ptolemy Philometor, attempted to reconquer Palestine; Antiochus not only defeated this attempt but invaded and occupied Egypt.
In June  he was defeated at Methven, and on the th of August he was surprised in Strathfillan, where he had taken refuge.
Quitting Rathlin, he had made a short stay in Arran, and before Edward's death had failed to take Ayr and Turnberry, although he defeated Aymer de Valence, earl of Pembroke, at Loudoun Hill in May .
He overran Buchan either once or twice, and after a serious illness defeated the earl of Buchan, one of his chief Scottish opponents, near Inverurie on the nd of May .
The brothers retreated to Ulster, and, Robert having left Ireland in May  to protect his own borders, Edward, who had been crowned king of Ireland, was defeated and killed at Dundalk in October .
Meantime hostilities more car less constant continued with England, but, though in  Edward made an incursion as far as Edinburgh, the internal weakness of his government prevented his gaining any real success, while in October of this year Bruce again ravaged Yorkshire, defeated the English near Byland, and almost captured their king.
After the battle on the neighbouring heights of Spicheren (th of August ), in which the French under General Frossard were defeated by the Germans under General von Gliimer, the town was occupied by the German troops, and at the conclusion of the war annexed to Germany.
Sturdee, off the Falkland Islands, of the German squadron which had defeated Cradock, and by a successful action under Adml.
On the nd of July , with the assistance of a bribing fund, Charles's ambassador at Warsaw, Count Arvid Bernard Horn, succeeded in forcing through the election of Charles's candidate to the Polish throne, Stanislaus Leszczynski, who could not be crowned however till the th of September , by which time the Saxons had again been defeated at Punitz.
At the town of Montecatini, on the hill above ( ft.), the Florentines were defeated by Uguccione della Faggiuola of Pisa in .
The Spaniards invaded the duchy from Lombardy, and although the duke was defeated several times he fought bravely, gained some successes, and the terms of the peace of  left him more or less in the status quo ante.
The Sassanid king, Bahram V., fought several campaigns with them and succeeded in keeping them at bay, but they defeated and killed Peroz (Firuz), A.D.
They do not appear to have moved on to another sphere, as these nomadic tribes often did when defeated, and were probably gradually absorbed in the surrounding populations.
Charles's son, Pippin, was crowned king of Italy, entered the peninsula at the head of the Franks, defeated the Lombards, took Ravenna and presented it to the pope, while retaining a feudal superiority.
This victory was decisive at Constantinople, where the emperor abandoned the defeated Genoese and restored Venice to her former position.
The Genoese Admiral Luciano Doria sailed into the Adriatic, attacked and defeated Vettor Pisani at Pola in Istria, and again Venice and the lagoons lay at the mercy of the enemy.
A detachment of the Confederate cavalry under General John Morgan invaded the state in , but was badly defeated in the battle of Buffington's Island (July th).
Further, it was a blow to the fair-play of party politics; the defeated party, having no leader, was reduced to desperate measures, such as the assassination of Ephialtes.
In three arduous campaigns, the two first of which were conducted by the emperor himself while the third was directed by Manuel Comnenus, the Turks were defeated in detail and finally () driven across the Euphrates.
With his Palmyrene troops,  strengthened by what was left of the Roman army corps, he took the offensive against Shapur, defeated him at Ctesiphon, and in a series of brilliant engagements won back the East for Rome.
Nisibis (Nezib) appeared for the last time in history in , when the Egyptians under Ibrahim Pasha defeated the Turkish army under Hafiz Pasha on the th of June in a battle at which von Moltke was present.
The Liberal party and Sagasta paid the penalty of their lack of success, and directly the Cortes met in March , after the peace treaty of the  oth of December  with the United States, they were defeated in the senate.
A hurriedly equipped fleet sent out from Carthage under Hanno was intercepted by the praetor Publius Valerius Falto and totally defeated (battle of the Aegates Islands, March io, ).
In  the Cimbri were defeated on the Raudine plain, near Vercellae, by the united armies of Catulus and Marius.
Catulus defeated him at the Mulvian bridge and near Cosa in Etruria, and Lepidus made his escape to Sardinia, where he died soon afterwards.
From  to  he was lieutenant-governor of Ohio, but in , when nominated for governor by the Republicans, was defeated by a plurality of o,.
In  he defeated Foraker in the Republican primaries as candidate for the U.S. Senate, and was elected with a majority of o, for the term of -; but his friendship with Foraker remained unabated.
Accordingly, when the crusaders had captured the town at Nicaea, and defeated the Seljukian field-army at Dorylaeum their way lay clear before them through Asia Minor.
Again, in , the Normans, while attempting to capture Harran, were badly defeated on the river Balikh, near Rakka; and this defeat may be said to have been fatal to the chance of a great Norman principality.'
He conquered in  several fortresses in the east of the principality of Antioch, and in this year and the next pressed the count of Tripoli hard; while in  he defeated Fulk at Barin, and forced the king to capitulate and surrender the town.
The rest of the county of Edessa, including Tell-bashir on the west, was now conquered (); while Raymund of Antioch was defeated and killed (in ), and several towns in the east of his principality were captured.
At Tiberias a little squadron of the brethren of the two Orders went down before Saladin's cavalry in May; at Hattin the levy masse of the kingdom, some , strong, foolishly marching over a sandy plain under the heat of a July sun, was utterly defeated; and after a fortnight's siege Jerusalem capitulated (October nd, ).
They consented to ally themselves with the ruler of Damascus against the sultan of Egypt; but in the battle of Gaza they were deserted by their allies and heavily defeated by Bibars, the Egyptian general and future Mameluke sultan of Egypt.
To arrest his progress, a Crusade, preached by Boniface IX., led by John the Fearless of Burgundy, and joined chiefly by French knights, was directed down the valley of the Danube into the Balkans; but the old faults stigmatized by de Mezieres, divisio and pro Aria voluntas, were the ruin of the crusading army, and at the battle of Nicopolis it was signally defeated.
But the crusaders broke the truce, to which Caesarini had never consented; and, attempting to better what was already good enough, they were defeated at Varna.
This commando was defeated at Viervoet, near Thaba Nchu, by the Basuto, who thereafter raided and plundered the natives opposed to them and the farmers who had helped the British.
During this period the revolt of the African prince Gildo was suppressed (); Italy was successfully defended against Alaric, who was defeated at Pollentia () and Verona (); and the barbarian hordes under the Goth Radagaisus were destroyed ().
On the th, th and th of December  the German army, commanded by the grand-duke of Mecklenburg, defeated the French army of the Loire, under General Chanzy, in the battle of Beaugency (or Villorceau-Josnes), which was fought on the left bank of the Loire to the N.W.
A few years later he was taken prisoner by Abdalaziz (`Abd ul `Aziz), who had defeated the sultan of Tlemcen and seized the throne.
Meantime his Arabian wife discovered the plan and escaped to her father, who made war on Herod, and completely defeated his army.
The Turks were defeated here in  by Maximilian I., and an engagement between the Austrians and the French took place here on the st of August .
In the same year the Carthaginians invaded Sicily, but were totally defeated at Himera, the result of the victory being that Gelo became lord of all Sicily.
This prince landed in Epirus with a strong force, and marched as far as Thessalonica, which he took and destroyed; but he was shortly afterwards defeated, and compelled to return to Sicily.
He was a member of Congress from  to , and from  to , being Speaker from  to  and minority leader thereafter; he was defeated in the election of .
At the Democratic Convention for the nomination of a presidential candidate held at Baltimore in , he led on  ballots, and had a clear majority on eight, but he was finally defeated by Woodrow Wilson of New Jersey.
Saturninus, defeated in a pitched battle in the Forum (Dec. ), took refuge with his followers in the Capitol, where, the water supply having been cut off, they were forced to capitulate.
The Danes returned to the struggle with increased forces under the command of King Christian in person, but they were again defeated - their admiral being killed and his ship taken.
The greater part of the defeated fleet was afterwards burned in the harbour of Palermo, where it had taken refuge, and the French thus secured the undisputed command of the Mediterranean.
In spite of a treaty signed with the British in this year, Mudhoji in  joined the peshwa, but was defeated at Sitabaldi and forced to cede the rest of Berar to the nizam, and parts of Saugor and Damoh, with Mandla, Betul, Seoni and the Nerbudda valley, to the British.
In  Antigonus had defeated and killed Eumenes and made himself supreme from the Aegean to Iran, and Cassander had  For details see separate articles on the chief generals.
Antigonus never succeeded in reaching Macedonia, although his son Demetrius won Athens and Megara in  and again (-) wrested almost all Greece from Cassander; nor did Antigonus succeed in expelling Ptolemy from Egypt, although he led an army to its frontier in ; and after the battle of Gaza in , in which Ptolemy and Seleucus defeated Demetrius, he had to see Seleucus not only recover Babylonia but bring all the eastern provinces under his authority as far as India.
But the rest of the clan still held out, and the papal troops sent against them under Guidobaldo duke of Urbino and the duke of Gandia were defeated at Soriano (January ).
They entered Italy on the north-east under the leadership of Antonius Primus, defeated the army of Vitellius at Bedriacum (or Betriacum), sacked Cremona and advanced on Rome, which they entered after furious fighting and a frightful confusion, in which the Capitol was destroyed by fire.
In the spring Banks was ordered to move against Jackson in the Shenandoah Valley, but the latter with superior forces defeated him at Winchester, Virginia, on the th of May, and forced him back to the Potomac river.
A personal quarrel with President Grant led in , however, to his joining the Liberal-Republican revolt in supportof Horace Greeley, and as the Liberal-Republican and Democratic candidate he was defeated for re-election.
Colonel Swayne thrice defeated the enemy, who lost  men and  taken prisoners, and the mullah fled across the Haud, taking refuge with the Mijertin in Italian territory.
Sher Shah was killed at the storming of Kalinjar (), and Humayun, returning to India with Akbar, then only thirteen years of age, defeated the Indo-Afghan army and reoccupied Delhi ().
He turned first against the Byzantines, who were defeated several times; he took Cordova and chastised the Suevi; and then by stern measures he destroyed the power of those unruly and rebellious chieftains who had reduced former kings to the position of ciphers.
Opinion had been prejudiced by the insurrections in St Domingo and Martinique, and in the British island of Dominica; and the motion was defeated by  votes against .
He rose accordingly with a few followers, but was soon defeated and forced to take refuge in the Spanish part of the island.
After a month's vigorous drilling Hicks led  of his men against an equal force of dervishes in Sennar, whom he defeated, and cleared the country between the towns of Sennar and Khartum of rebels.
In the Second Punic War it thrice bade defiance to Hannibal; but in the Social War it was betrayed into the hands of the Samnites, who kept possession till Marius, with whom they had sided, was defeated by Sulla, who in  B.C. subjected it with the rest of Samnium.
In  he abandoned journalism, and became Liberal candidate for the Harrow division of Middlesex at the general election, but was defeated.
By a brilliant march to the Danube Bayezid subjugated them; then returning to Asia he crushed the prince of Karamania, who had made head again and had defeated Timur Tash Pasha.
The first onslaught of the Knights of the Cross did indeed rout the weak irregulars placed in the van of the Turkish army, but their mad pursuit was checked by the steady ranks of the Janissaries, by whom they were completely defeated ().
In  Mahommed defeated Mussa, and thus remained sole heir to Bayezid's throne; in seven or eight years he succeeded Mahom- in regaining all the territories over which his father med ., had ruled, whereas Timur's empire fell to pieces -.
In  Hunyadi, now governor of Hungary, collected the largest army yet mustered by the Hungarians against the Turks, but he was defeated on the famous field of Kossovo and with difficulty escaped, while most of the chivalry of Hungary fell.
At the outset of the reign Bayezid's brother, Prince Jem, made a serious attempt to claim the throne; he was defeated, and eventually took refuge with the knights of Rhodes, whom Bayezid bribed to keep him in safe custody.
The campaign of  was disastrous for the Austrians; the Turks, under the command of Ahmed Pasha, defeated them at Szegedin and captured in turn Veszprem, Temesvar, Szolnok and other places.
The attempt of the archduke Ferdinand, at the head of , men, to retake it a year later was defeated.
In Asia Minor the Kurdish troops under Ibrahim Pasha revolted, and, although they were defeated with the loss of their commander, the Kurds continued to attack indiscriminately the Turks, Nestorians and Armenians; disturbances also broke out among the other reactionary Moslems of this region, culminating in a massacre of the Armenians at Adana.
In Arabia Ratib Pasha, the Turkish commander-in-chief, joined the enemies of the new regime; he was defeated and captured in the autumn of , but in the following year frequent raids upon the Hejaz railway were made by Bedouin tribesmen, while a Mandist rebellion broke out and was crushed in Yemen.
In spite of this misfortune, Napoleon could claim a brilliant success for himself, but almost at the same moment news reached him that Oudinot at Grossbeeren near Berlin, and Macdonald on the Katzbach opposed to Blucher, had both been severely defeated.
Ney, who had joined Oudinot after Grossbeeren, had been defeated at Dennewitz (th Sept.), the victory, won by Prussian troops solely, giving the greatest encouragement to the enemy.
He himself retreated towards Etoges endeavouring to rally his scattered detachments, but Napoleon was too quick for him and in three successive days he defeated Sacken at Montmirail,York at Champ Aubert and Blucher and his main body at Etoges, pursuing the latter towards Vertus.
Napoleon was here defeated, and with only , men at his back he was compelled to renounce all ideas of a further offensive, and he retired to rest his troops to Reims. Here he remained unmolested for a few days, fop Blucher was struck down by sickness, and in his absence nothing was done.
Moncey () had marched towards the city of Valencia, but been repulsed in attempting to storm it (June ); Bessieres had defeated the Spanish general Joachim Blake at Medina de Rio Seco (June , ) and Dupont (,) had been detached (May ) from Madrid to reduce Seville and Cadiz in Andalusia.
Victor had crossed the Tagus, and defeated Cuesta at Medellin (March , ); but, surrounded by insurgents, he also had halted; Lapisse had joined him, and together they were near Merida, , strong.
In eastern Spain Suchet (April , ) had defeated Elio's Murcians at Yecla and Villena, but was subsequently routed by Sir John Murray' near Castalla (April ), who then besieged Tarragona.
In  Hamburg joined the league of Schmalkalden, for which error it had to pay a heavy fine in  when the league had been defeated.
In May  Gratian completely defeated the Lentienses, the southernmost branch of the Alamanni, at Argentaria, near the site of the modern Colmar.
Julian defeated them completely, but allowed them to remain in Toxandria, not, as of old, as conquerors, but as foederati of the Romans.
He then invaded the territory of Arras, but was severely defeated at Hesdin-le-Vieux by Aetius, the commander of the Roman army in Gaul.
By the beginning of September all the breaches were repaired, the walls bristled with cannon, and  men were under arms. So strong was the city by this time that Charles X., abandoning his original intention of carrying the place by assault, began a regular siege; but this also he was forced to abandon when, on the th of October, an auxiliary Dutch fleet, after reinforcing and reprovisioning the garrison, defeated, in conjunction with the Danish fleet, the Swedish navy of  liners in the Sound.
He took possession of the town of Kutna Hora (Kuttenberg), but was decisively defeated by Zizka at Nemecky Brod (Deutschbrod) on the th of January .
On the th of April , Zizka now again leading, the Taborites defeated at Horic the Utraquist army under Cenek of Wartemberg; shortly afterwards an armistice was concluded at Konopist.
In June of that year their forces, led by Prokop the Great - who took the command of the Taborites shortly after Zizka's death in October  - and Sigismund Korybutovic, who had returned to Bohemia, signally defeated the Germans at Aussig (Usti nad Labem).
On the th of May of that year the Taborite army, led by Prokop the Great and Prokop the Less, who both fell in the battle, was totally defeated and almost annihilated at Lipan.
Great jealousy of their increasing power was excited amongst the neighbouring princes, and Odoardo Farnese, duke of Parma, made war upon Taddeo, and defeated the papal troops.
Having made claims upon the domains of the house of Austria, from which he was descended through his mother, he was defeated in battle (-).
Charles had been defeated at Naseby on the th of June, and Montrose must come to his help if there was to be still a king to proclaim.
Guillaume arrived too late to help Vivien, was himself defeated, and returned alone to his wife Guibourc, leaving his knights all dead or prisoners.
He rebelled against his brother Homizd III., and in  defeated and killed him with the help of the Ephthalites, or White Huns, who had invaded Bactria.
Burmeister regards the legend as an incident in the struggle between the followers of Dionysus and Apollo in Thebes, in which the former were defeated and driven back to Lydia.
In  the Seljuk Turks crossed the Oxus from the north, and having defeated Masud, sultan of Ghazni, raised Toghrul Beg, grandson of Seljuk, to the throne of Persia, founding the Seljukian dynasty, with its capital at Nishapur.
In a campaign largely restricted to the question of free-silver coinage he was defeated for re-election in , and subsequently was also defeated as the Democratic candidate for the United States Senate.
In the November election after a canvass that almost equalled in activity that of  he was again defeated, receiving only  electoral votes to .
But his old rivalry with Nordin was resumed at the same time, and when the latter defeated a motion of the bishop's in the Estate of Clergy, at the diet of Norrkoping, Wallqvist from sheer vexation had a stroke of apoplexy and died the same day (th of April ).
The Baltic volunteers were defeated by the Bolsheviks on Dec.  at Hintzenberg; and since the agreement made on Dec.  by Ulmanis with the German representative, the Socialist Winnig, did not attract a sufficient number of volunteers from Germany for the formation of an Iron Div., Riga fell on Jan.
The Baltic Landeswehr, unsupported by the other units, were engaged with Esthonian and Lettish forces near Wenden, and were defeated.
The village is memorable for an action which took place on the th of November  between the British army, commanded by Major-General Wellesley (afterwards duke of Wellington), and the Mahrattas under Sindhia and the raja of Berar, in which the latter were defeated with great loss.
He was now elected professor of eloquence at the university or academy of Nimes, but not without a murderous attack upon him by one of the defeated candidates and his supporters, followed by a suit for libel, which, though he ultimately won his case, forced him to leave the town.
Here, on the st of July , the Hungarian army under Bern was defeated by the overwhelming numbers of the Russian General Liiders.
In the course of constant efforts to secure the mark the brothers Frederick and Dietrich defeated the troops of King Albert at Lucka in May  and secured partial possession of their lands.
The chiefs of these colonies were invited to place them under the protection of the Portuguese crown, but these at first affecting loyalty to Spain declined the offer, then threw off the mask and declared themselves independent, and the Spanish governor, Elio, was afterwards defeated by Artigas, the leader of the independents.
All was, apparently, going well with the revolt, Saraiva having invaded the states of Santa Catharina and Parana, and defeated the government troops in several encounters.
In March  a body of  troops, with four guns, was despatched to bring the Jaguncoes to reason, but was totally defeated.
The rebels were defeated by Lanfranc in the king's absence; but William returned to settle the difficult question of their punishment, and to stamp out the last sparks of disaffection.
But in a second and more important campaign, in which the militia of the other Guelf towns of Tuscany took part, the Florentines were signally defeated at Montaperti on the th of September .
There the Prussians defeated the Austrians in May , and in June  the Prussians were routed by a greatly superior force of Austrians.
A temporary loss of eyesight interfered with his canvass, and he was defeated by a small majority (), the campaign having been watched with the greatest interest throughout the country.
This defeated the object of the conference, and deprived the South of terms which would have been more beneficial than those imposed by the conqueror when the end came a few weeks later.
The Boers had firearms, the Zulus their assegais only, and after a three hours' fight the Zulus were totally defeated, losing thousands killed, while the farmers' casualties were under  Captain Allen Francis Gardiner (   ) left Natal in , subsequently devoting himself to missionary work in South America, being known as the missionary to Patagonia.
At In- gogo, Majuba and Laing's Nek, all of them situated within the colony, British forces had been defeated by the Boers.
On the  st of October General Sir George White and General (Sir John) French defeated at Elandslaagte a strong force of Boers, who threatened to cut off General Yule's retreat.
In , Sir Robert Peel having defeated the Melbourne ministry in parliament, there was a general election, when Cobden was returned for Stockport.
At the general election of  he came forward as a candidate for that distinguished constituency, in opposition to Fox and Lord Hood, but was defeated; and, at a second trial in , he was again at the bottom of the poll.
First (-) they ravaged Thuringia, Swabia and Bavaria, and defeated the Germans on the Lechfeld, whereupon the German king Henry I.
In  the war was resumed, and Henry, at the head of what was really the first national German army, defeated the Magyars at Gotha and at Ried ().
Once more the road to Vienna lay open, but the grand vizier wasted the remainder of the year in fortifying Belgrade, and on August th, , he was defeated and slain at Slankamen by the margrave of Baden.
But they were guerillas, not regulars; they had no good officers, no serviceable artillery, and very little money; and all the foreign powers to whom Rakoczy turned for assistance (excepting France, who fed them occasionally with paltry subsidies) would not commit themselves to a formal alliance with rebels who were defeated in every pitched battle they fought.
He was defeated by a combination of the Kossuthists, Andrássy Liberals and Clerical People's party, the  Croatian deputies, whose vote might have turned the election, abstaining on Dr Wekerle promising them to deliver Croatia from the oppressive rule of the ban, Baron Rauch.
In  he was succeeded by his son Earl Richard, a brave and chivalrous warrior, who defeated Owen Glendower, fought the Percys at Shrewsbury, and, after travelling in state through Europe and the Holy Land, was employed against the Lollards and afterwards as lay ambassador from England to the council of Constance ().
When the cathedral chapter found courage to oppose this and opened suit to recover the ecclesiastical revenues for ecclesiastical purposes, Richelieu's mother proposed to make her second son, Alphonse, bishop. He defeated this scheme, however, by becoming a monk of the Grande Chartreuse, and Armand, whose health was rather feeble in any case for a military career, was induced to propose himself for the priesthood.
He was victorious in the pitched battle fought at the foot of Ithome in the fifth year of his reign, a battle in which the Messenians, reinforced by the entire Arcadian levy and picked contingents from Argos and Sicyon, defeated the combined Spartan and Corinthian forces.
Close by is the scene of the battle of the nd of February , in which Montrose completely defeated the earl of Argyll.
Close to Nivelles is Seneffe, where Conde defeated William of Orange in , and at Nivelles itself the French under Marceau defeated the Austrians in .
Having been defeated at Laing's Nek, and suffered considerable loss in an engagement near Ingogo, Colley took a force to the top of Majuba, a mountain overlooking the Boer camp and the nek.
On the th to th of August the combined forces engaged and defeated Botha in the action of Belfast or Bergendal, with the result that the enemy dispersed into the bush-veld north of the Middelburg railway.
Desultory fighting continued till the close of the year, the balance of success being with the British, though on the th of October Botha, returning from the south-east towards Pretoria, defeated Colonel Benson's column at Bakenlaagte, Benson being killed.
General Botha was defeated at Pretoria East by Sir Percy Fitzpatrick, and at Georgetown - a Rand constituency - Mr Hull was beaten by Sir George Farrar.
In  Agathocles, defeated and besieged in Syracuse, took the desperate resolve of breaking through the blockade and attacking the enemy in Africa.
Mr Arch nevertheless retained sufficient popularity to be returned to parliament for north-west Norfolk in ; and although defeated next year owing to his advocacy of Irish Home Rule, he regained his seat in , and held it in , retiring in .
The Eleans, however, refused to recognize the Olympiad or to include it in the register, and shortly afterwards, with the aid of the Spartans, who are said to have looked upon Pheidon as having ousted them from the headship of Greece, defeated Pheidon and were reinstated in the possession of Pisatis and their former privileges.
Measures inaccurately taken, or wrongly read off, could seldom, if ever, be corrected, and these persistent errors defeated all chance of successful search.
Whereas at . absolute destruction seemed the only possible fate of the defeated army, by  p.m., thanks to the devoted heroism of the artillery and the initiative of a few junior commanders of cavalry, it had escaped from the enclosing horns of the Prussian attack.
Falckenstein moved forward again on the th, and on the th the Bavarians were again defeated in a series of actions around Kissingen, Waldaschach and Hammelburg.
The part of Syracuse in general Sicilian affairs has been traced in the article Sicily; but one striking scene is wholly local, when the defeated Ducetius took refuge in the hostile city (), and the common voice of the people bade "spare the suppliant."
The defeated chiefs retired on the city, led by Ansgar the Staller, under whom as sheriff the citizens of London had marched to fight for Harold at Senlac. They elected Edgar Atheling, the grandson of Edmund Ironside, as king, which the Saxon Chronicle says " was indeed his natural right."
In  the peasant leader, Stephan Dozsa, was defeated by the Transylvanian voivod, John Zapolya, near Temesvar, captured and executed.
After two unsuccessful attempts to avenge their slain, in which the Boers were aided by the British settlers at Port Natal, Dingaan's army was totally defeated on the th of December , by a Boer force under Andries Pretorius.
Cetywayo left a son, Dinizulu, who sought the assistance of some of the Transvaal Boers against Usibepu, whom he defeated and drove into the Reserve.
A considerable armada was got together, although its assembling took several weeks and although the Russians had as a matter of fact heavily defeated the Turks in Armenia (battle of Sarikamish) even before orders for the assembling were issued.
At Anzac similar work was done but the only tactical incident of much importance in that quarter was that Liman von Sanders personally directed a formidable attack upon Birdwood on the night of the thrth, the assailants being defeated with severe loss.
In  the Peguans sent an armament of war-boats against Ava, but they were totally defeated by Alompra; while in the districts of Prome, Donubyu, &c., the Burmans revolted, and expelled all the Pegu garrisons in their towns.
In  Prome was besieged by the king of Pegu, who was again defeated by Alompra, and the war was transferred from the upper provinces to the mouths of the navigable rivers, and the numerous creeks and canals which intersect the lower country.
On the th of August  Frederick the Great gained a decisive victory near Liegnitz over the Austrians, and in August  Blucher defeated the French in the neighbourhood at the battle of the Katzbach.
On the nd of September  the Anglo-Egyptian army under Lord Kitchener totally defeated the forces of the Khalifa at Kerreri,  m.
But the Armenian army was utterly defeated near Malatia on the th of Iyyar, and at the end of the day Esar-haddon was saluted by his soldiers as king.
The Egyptian frontier was crossed on the rd of Tammuz (June), and Tirhaka, at the head of the Egyptian forces, was driven to Memphis after fifteen days of continuous fighting, during which the Egyptians were thrice defeated with heavy loss and Tirhada himself was wounded.
A battle was fought at Opis in the month of June, in which the Babylonians were defeated, and immediately afterwards Sippara surrendered to the invader.
The tumults against the Paterine heretics (-), among whom were many Ghibelline nobles favoured by the podestd Pace di Pesamigola, indicate a successful Guelphic reaction; but Frederick II., having defeated his enemies both in Lombardy and in the Two Sicilies, appointed his natural son, Frederick of Antioch, imperial vicar in Tuscany, who, when civil war broke out, entered the city with  German knights.
The Ghibellines now triumphed completely, and in  the Guelph leaders were driven into exile - the first of many instances in Florentine history of exile en masse of a defeated party.
After Charles's victory over Conradin in  the Florentines defeated the Sienese () and made frequent raids into Pisan territory.
In  the Aretini were completely defeated by the Florentines at Campaldino, a battle made famous by the fact that Dante took part in it.
War against the Pisans, who had been defeated by the Genoese in the naval battle of La Meloria in , was carried on in a desultory fashion, and in i  peace was Campal= made.
A brave general Uguccione and an ambitious man, he captured Lucca and defeated the Florentines and their allies from Naples at Montecatini in , but the following year he lost both Pisa and Lucca and had to fly from Tuscany.
Between  and  he harried the Florentines and defeated them several times, captured Pistoia, devastated their territory up to the walls of the city in spite of assistance from Naples under Raymundo de Cardona and the duke of Calabria (King Robert's son); never before had Florence been so humiliated, but while Castruccio was preparing to attack Florence he died in .
The Florentines were successful until Pisa enlisted Sir John Hawkwood's English company; the latter won several battles, but were at last defeated at Cascina, and peace was made in , neither side having gained much advantage.
The pope too was against them, but when they induced the Venetians to intervene the tide of fortune changed, and Visconti was finally defeated and forced to accept peace on onerous terms ().
In  Florence and Venice were again at war with the Visconti, whose chief captain, Niccolo Piccinino, on entering Tuscany with many Florentine exiles in his train, was signally defeated at Anghiari by the Florentines under Francesco Sforza (); peace was made the following year.
He was excommunicated by Sixtus, who, together with King Ferdinand of Naples, waged war against him; no great successes were registered on either side at first, but eventually the Florentines were defeated at Poggio Imperiale (near Poggibonsi) and the city itself was in danger.
A battle took place at that spot on the rd of August, but in spite of Ferruccio's heroism he was defeated and killed; the prince of Orange also fell in that desperate engagement.
Maxentius was defeated at Saxa Rubra near Rome and drowned in the Tiber while attempting to make his way across the Milvian bridge into Rome.
In Germany the name of the foreigners, who were completely defeated in the battle of St Jakob on the Birs, not far from Basel, was mockingly corrupted into Arme Jacken, Poor Jackets, or Arme Gecken, Poor Fools.
But its walls and other fortifications were soon restored, and Totila again marching against it was defeated by Belisarius, who, however, did not follow up his advantage.
The conduct of a new campaign was entrusted to the eunuch Narses; Totila marched against him and was defeated and killed at the battle of Tagina in July .
In  he refused from Lord Palmerston an office not connected with foreign affairs, was elected lord rector of Aberdeen university, and on th June moved a resolution in the House of Commons (defeated by a large majority) declaring that in public appointments merit had been sacrificed to private influence and an adherence to routine.
Kharid, the ancient Caminacum, and Kharibat el Beda, the Nesca of Pliny, where the Sabaean army was defeated by the Romans under Aelius Gallus in  B.C. From El Jail Halevy travelled northward, passing the oasis of Khab, and skirting the great desert, reached the fertile district of Nejran, where he found a colony of Jews, with whom he spent several weeks in the oasis of Makhlaf.
The Kharijites who had opposed 'Ali on the ground that he had no right to allow the appeal to arbitration, were defeated at Nahrawan or Nahrwan (), but those who escaped became fierce propagandists against the Koreish, some claiming that the caliph should be chosen by the Faithful from any tribe of the Arabs, some that there should be no caliph at all, that God alone was their ruler and that the government should be carried on by a council.
Salad with his main forces had started northwards to attack Bagdad, but returning at once he met and defeated Tusun with great loss and compelled him to retire.
In  Mehemet Ali was compelled to take the field himself with fresh troops, but was unable to achieve any decisive success, and in  Tusun was again defeated beyond Taif.
In May  Saud died, and his son,Abdallah, attempted to negotiate, but Mehemet Ali refused all overtures, and in January  advanced into Nejd, defeated the Wahhabi army and occupied Ras, then the chief town in Kasim.
Sheik Mubarak and his allies continued their advance, defeated Ibn Rashid in two engagements on the nd of July and the th of September , and drove him back on his capital, Hail.
The troops of Baden and Hesse marched against him, under the command of General Friedrich von Gagern, and on the th of April they met near Kandern, where Gagern was killed, it is true, but Hecker was completely defeated.
While in exile he was elected supreme commander of the Knights of the Golden Circle in Ohio and received the Democratic nomination for governor of Ohio, but was defeated.
His eleventh-hour conversion could not avert the conflict of interests which led to the war of -, from which Russia emerged defeated, but enabled him to veil a serious diplomatic error by relinquishing the odium of failure to his successor, Rosen.
Dara, who again invaded Gujarat, was defeated and closely pursued, and was given up by the native chief with whom he had taken refuge.
Shuja, who had been a second time defeated near Allahabad, was attacked by the imperial forces under Mir Jumla and Mahommed, Aurangzeb's eldest son, who, however, deserted and joined his uncle.
Shuja was defeated and fled to Arakan, where he perished; Mahommed was captured, thrown into the fortress of Gwalior, and died after seven years' confinement.
Again invading the island, he was again attacked and defeated by the same adversaries, leaving a brother and son, or, as some authorities aver, a wife and son, prisoners in their hands.
In  the Pisans met and defeated the united forces of Florence and Lucca near Barga in the Garfagnana, and at the same time they despatched fifty-two galleys to assist Frederick II.
Summoning Siena, Pistoia and the Florentine exiles to their aid, they boldly faced their foe, but were defeated in .
As a Ghibelline chief of valour and renown he was able to restore the military prestige of the Pisans, who under his command captured Lucca and defeated the Florentines at Montecatini on the th of August .
The Spaniards remained at Goletta and made it a strong fortress, they also occupied the island of Jerba and some points on the south-east coast; but the interior was a prey to anarchy and civil war, until in  'Ali-Pasha of Algiers utterly defeated IIamid, the son and successor of Masan, and occupied Tunis.
In  new mining laws were enacted which gave better titles to mining properties and better regulations for their operation, but the outbreak of the war with Chile at the end of the decade and the succeeding years of disorganization and partisan strife defeated their purpose.
An interview took place at Mala, on the sea-coast, on the th of November , which led to no result, and Almagro was finally defeated in the battle of Las Salinas near Cuzco on the th of April .
On the, th of September  he defeated the army of Almagro the Lad in the battle of Chupas near Guamanga, and the boy was beheaded at Cuzco.
The viceroy fled to Quito, but was followed, defeated and killed at the battle of Anaquito on the th of January .
In May   Giron defeated the army of the judges at Chuquinga, but he was hopelessly routed at Fucara on the th of October  , captured, and on the th of December executed at Lima.
In that year Admiral Lynch, who had replaced General Baquedano in command of the Chilean forces after the taking of Lima, sent an expedition against the Peruvians under General Caceres, and defeated the latter in the month of August.
He appears to have passed his time in journeys from place to place, and in  was the nominal leader of an expedition against the Hungarians which was defeated near Augsburg.
It is an amalgamation of the myth tof Beowa, the slayer of the water-demon and the dragon, with the historical legend of Beowulf, nephew and successor of Hygelac (Chochilaicus), king of the Geatas, who was defeated and slain (c. ) while ravaging the Frisian coast.
Igor was the leader of a raid against the heathen Polovtsi in ; at first successful, he was afterwards defeated and taken prisoner, but finally managed to escape.
Nevertheless, his opponents made such effective use of the popular prejudice against third terms that the scheme was defeated, and Garfield was named in his stead.
This led to long negotiations, and ultimately to war, when the British forced the Khyber Pass in November , and defeated the amir's forces on every occasion.
In  it was occupied by Ibrahim Pasha who defeated and captured the Turkish general, Reshid Pasha, not far from the walls.
Later in the year, however, he was placed in command (by New Hampshire), with the rank of brigadier-general of militia, of a force of militiamen, with whom, on the th of August, near Bennington, Vermont, he defeated two detachments of Burgoyne's army under Colonel Friedrich Baum and Colonel Breyman.
He was resisted by the national sentiment of the people, and was utterly defeated at the battle of Aljubarrota, on the th of August .
The Philistines are defeated at Ebenezer (near Mizpah) through the direct interposition of Yahweh, and Samuel rules peacefully as a theocratic judge (vii).
The exchequer being drained by the payment of , pieces of gold to buy off the Gauls who had invaded their territories about  B.C., and by the imposition of an annual tribute which was ultimately raised to  talents, they were compelled to exact a toll on all the ships which passed the Bosporus - a measure which the Rhodians resented and avenged by a war, wherein the Byzantines were defeated.
Under the Articles of Confederation it was principally Rhode Island that defeated the proposal to authorize Congress to levy an impost duty of % mainly as a means of meeting the debts of the Central government.
Thankmar, aided by an influential Saxon noble named Wichmann, and by Eberhard of Franconia, seized the fortress of Eresburg and took Otto's brother Henry prisoner; but soon afterwards he was defeated by the king and killed whilst taking sanctuary.
Otto marched against them, and in a battle fought on the Lechfeld on the th of August  the king's troops gained a brilliant victory which completely freed Germany from these invaders; while in the same year Otto also defeated the Sla y s who had been ravaging the Saxon frontier.
In February  the Whig government was defeated on a Militia Bill, and Lord John Russell was succeeded by Lord Derby, formerly Lord Stanley, with Mr Disraeli, who now his constant companions were Homer and Dante, and entered office for the first time, as chancellor of the exchequer and leader of the House of Commons.
On the th of March  he informed Lord Granville that he could give only occasional attendance in the House of Commons during the current session, and that he must " reserve his entire freedom to divest himself of all the was carried, but the abolition of the paper-duty was defeated in the House of Lords.
The emperor Constantine, while advancing towards Rome from Gaul, besieged and took Verona (); it was here, too, that Odoacer was defeated () by Theodoric the Goth, Dietrich von Bern - i.e.
Claudius Marcellus defeated the Gauls and won the spolia opima; in  Hannibal took it and its stores of corn by treachery.
There are slight remains of a castle of the O'Donnells, earls of Tyrconnell, where the English, on attempting to besiege it, were defeated and lost heavily in their retreat across the river, in .
On the th he met the Prussians at Waghausel, and was completely defeated; on the th Prince William entered Karlsruhe; and at the end of the month the members of the provisional government, who had taken refuge at Freiburg, dispersed.
The rood of Bromholm was a reputed fragment of the Cross which attracted many pilgrims. To the south of North Walsham is North Walsham Heath, whither in June  a body of insurgents in connexion with the Peasants' Revolt were driven from before Norwich by Henry le Despenser, bishop of Norwich, and defeated; after which their leader, Geoffrey Lister, and others were sent to the scaffold.
Peter I., through his commander Ruggiero di Loria, defeated the French off the Faro; and from  to  Messina remained a possession of the Spanish royal house.
In  the French admiral, Abraham Duquesne, defeated the combined fleet of Spain and Holland; but, notwithstanding this victory, the French suddenly abandoned Messina in , and the Spanish occupied the town once more.
When the Seven Days' battle began Porter's corps had to sustain alone the full weight of the Confederate attack, and though defeated in the desperately fought battle of Gaines's Mill (June , ) the steadiness of his defence was so conspicuous that he was immediately promoted major-general of volunteers and brevet origadiergeneral U.S.A. His corps, moreover, had the greatest share in the successful battles of Glendale and Malvern Hill.
On the rd of July  the French were defeated there by the imperial troops, and on the th and nd of July  by the Austrians.
Dionysius of Syracuse attacked them from the south; and after he defeated the Crotoniate league and destroyed Caulonia ( B.C.), Tarentum remained the only powerful city.
It was no longer possible to stem the tide of the parliament's victory, and Hopton, defeated in his last stand at Torrington on the th of February , surrendered to Fairfax.
The French army could not advance, while the French and English fleets were defeated by the Dutch admiral, De Ruyter.
In  he lost Namur and was badly defeated at Steinkirk (August th), and in  he was di astrously beaten at Neerwinden or Landen (July th).
The enemy sailed north from Samos and in a battle off Embata (between Erythrae and Chios) defeated Chares, who, without the consent of his colleagues, had ventured to engage them in a storm.
Sherman defeated him and reached Raleigh, the capital of North Carolina, on the rth of April, having marched nearly  m.
About a mile from the kraal on the th of July  a Zulu army some , strong was totally defeated by Lord Chelmsford.
He was elected governor of Ohio for the term -, was defeated for the following term, then was reelected twice in succession (-).
Defeated in  by Clovis, king of the Salian Franks, at the battle of Soissons, Syagrius fled, leaving his land at the mercy of the Franks.
Having defeated the Quadi and Sarmatians on the Danube, Carus proceeded through Thrace and Asia Minor, conquered Mesopotamia, pressed on to Seleucia and Ctesiphon, and carried his arms beyond the Tigris.
He was left to maintain the siege of Adrianople when Baldwin advanced to attack the relieving force, and with Dandolo had much to do in saving the defeated crusaders from utter destruction, and conducting the retreat, in which he commanded the rearguard, and brought his troops in safety to the sea of Rodosto, and thence to the capital.
Renominated for governor in , Wright was defeated, and the result was by many ascribed in part to the alleged hostility of the Polk administration.
In the Thirty Years' War, in June , the Swedes, under Wrangel and Kdnigsmark, defeated the Austrians under the archduke Leopold at Wolfenbuttel.
The castle was taken by Edward I., who defeated Baliol in the neighbourhood in , and it afforded shelter to Edward II.
Often in cases of political revolution the members of the defeated party have sought refuge elsewhere, as after the revolutionary movements of .
At first successful, Kuprili was defeated by the Poles under John Sobieski at Khotin and Lemberg; the Turks, however, continued to hold their own, and finally in October  consented to honourable terms of peace by the treaty of Zurawno (October , ), retaining Kaminiec, Podolia and the greater part of the Ukraine.
The French invaded Piedmont, but were totally defeated at the siege of Turin by Victor Amadeus and Prince Eugene of Savoy (), and eventually driven from the country.
Hungary coming to the assistance of Poland, Lubart was defeated and taken prisoner; but Casimir, anxious to avoid a bloody war with Lithuania's Tatar allies, came to a compromise with Lubart whereby Poland retained Halicz with Lemberg, while Vladimir, Belz, and Brzesc fell to the share of Lithuania.
War was declared in , but at the battle of Staffarda (th of August ), Victor, in spite of his great courage and skill, was defeated by the French under Catinat.
At first the French were successful and captured several Piedmontese fortresses, but after besieging Turin, which was skilfully defended by the duke, for several months, they were completely defeated by Victor and Prince Eugene of Savoy (), and eventually driven out of the other towns they had captured.
In the following January he received from the pope a letter commending his action, and encouraging him in his social reforms. He was defeated at the general election of that year, but in  was returned for Finistere (Morlaix).
Despite the comparative failure of the Composite Corps the attack had on the whole been a brilliant success, seven Allied divisions having defeated nine enemy divisions ensconced in immensely powerful works, capturing from them , prisoners and ioo guns and effecting such a wide breach in the last German line of defence that its complete capture in a few days was assured.
In  he was sent against Montrose, who was defeated and captured by Major Strachan, Leslie's advanced guard commander; and later in the year, all parties having for the moment combined to support Charles II., Leslie was appointed to the -chief command of the new army levied for the purpose on behalf of Charles II.
For about twenty years it would seem that the Yue-Chi were settled in the country between the rivers Chu and Syr-Darya, but here they were attacked again by the Hiung-nu, their old enemies, with whom was the son of the defeated Wusun chieftain.
He served in important staff appointments during the earlier part of the war which followed; then, early in , he was ordered to replace General Meszaros, who had been defeated at Kaschau, and as general commanding an army corps he had a conspicuous share in the victories of Kapolna, Isaszeg, Waitzen, Nagy Sarlo and Komarom.
Although Cyrus was defeated at Cunaxa, this rebellion was disastrous inasmuch as it opened to the Greeks the way into the interior of the empire, and demonstrated that no oriental force was able to withstand a band of well-trained Greek soldiers.
Most of them obeyed; Artabazus of Phrygia, who tried to resist and was supported by his brothersin-law, Mentor and Memnon of Rhodes, was defeated and fled to Philip of Macedon.
Then the king attempted to subjugate Egypt, but two expeditions were unsuccessful, and, in consequence, Sidon and the other Phoenician towns, and the princes of Cyprus, rebelled against Persia and defeated the Persian generals.
The troops of Cologne and Munster formed part of his army, other friends of Louis were preparing to take the field, and after a severe winter campaign, the elector, defeated in combat and manoeuvre, was forced back to the Weser, and being but weakly supported by the Imperialists, found himself compelled to make a separate peace (June th, ).
At the same time the duke of Lorraine defeated Marshal Crequi (August th) at Conzer Briicke on the Moselle, and recaptured Trier (September th), which, as a set-off against Bonn, Turenne had taken in the autumn of .
A large reinforcement sent by the duke of Lorraine to the assistance of Saxe-Eisenach was completely defeated by Crequi in the battle of Kochersberg near Strassburg (October th) and the marshal followed up his successes by the capture of Freiburg on the th of November.
He was also one of the officers of the force defeated by General John Sullivan in the engagement at Newtown (Elmira), N.Y., on the th of August .
Six miles south-west of Strathaven, on the moor of Drumclog, the Covenanters defeated John Graham of Claverhouse, Viscount Dundee, on the st of June .
In  he had bought a truce for ten years with the Hungarians, by a promise of tribute, but on its expiration he gained a great victory over these formidable foes in March  The Danes were defeated, and territory as far as the Eider secured for Germany; and the king sought further to extend his influence by entering into relations with the kings of England, France and Burgundy.
Then, yielding to his wife's entreaties, he sallied forth and defeated the enemy, but was never seen again, having been carried off by the Erinyes, who had heard his mother's curse (or he was slain by Apollo in battle).
His splendid war record and his personal popularity caused his name to be considered as a candidate for the Presidency as early as , and in  he was nominated for that office by the Democrats; but he was defeated by his Republican opponent, General Garfield, though by the small popular plurality of seven thousand votes.
He encountered formidable opposition from different quarters, but in every case he was successful, the severest struggle being that with the impostor Mosailima, who was finally defeated by Khalid at the battle of Akraba.
After the battle of Eggmiihl in  the Austrians retired upon Regensburg, and the pursuing French defeated them again beneath its walls and reduced a great part of the city to ashes.
Fannin defeated a Mexican force near Mission Conception on the th of October; and after a campaign of nearly two months Bejar was surrendered to them on the th of December.
In , while again a representative in the state legislature, he introduced a bill appropriating money for the equipment of a regiment to serve in the Mexican War; although the bill was defeated, he raised the necessary funds privately, and served in Mexico first as colonel and afterwards as brigadier-general of volunteers.
In  and again in  the Democrats nominated him for governor of Massachusetts, but on each occasion he was defeated at the polls.
The government sent him to the front, directly the Carlist War broke out, as commandant of the province of Biscay, where he severely defeated the Carlists in many encounters.
General Ramorino commanding the Lombard division proved unable to prevent the Austrians from crossing the Ticino (th of April), and Chrzanowski was completely out-generalled and defeated at La Bicocca near Novara on the rd.
The Mahommedans now formed a plot to oust the Christians, and treacherously massacred a number of their chiefs and then defeated their unprepared adherents.
In May  Mwanga, aided by the trader Charles Stokes, approached Buganda by water, and after several bloody battles captured the capital, but shortly afterwards was again defeated, and Kalema and the Ba-Islamu reoccupied Mengo (the native capital).
In April Lugard, hoping to achieve better results away from the capital, led the combined factions against the Mahommedans, then raiding the frontier, whom he defeated.
