
It was going to be nice having nothing to do but enjoy their little family for the next two weeks.
Long before I learned to do a sum in arithmetic or describe the shape of the earth, Miss Sullivan had taught me to find beauty in the fragrant woods, in every blade of grass, and in the curves and dimples of my baby sister's hand.
As for reaching the top of the earth, I have never heard that it is possible to do that, and if you succeeded in getting there you would probably fall off.
When you hear about a new company and your response is, "Why in the world would anyone want to do that?" it will be because there is no offline corollary.
I don't mean to make her feel unwelcome, but it was her own carelessness that got her into this situation.
Why don't you go take a warm shower and I'll have a hot meal ready by the time you're done.
Everything that reminded him of his past was repugnant to him, and so in his relations with that former circle he confined himself to trying to do his duty and not to be unfair.
She could not sleep and several times went to the door and listened, wishing to enter but not deciding to do so.
There was nothing she could do about it until he got home, so she might as well not think about it.
This was the same man who treated her so coldly earlier today, and she'd do best to keep that picture in her mind.
Any excursion there after today would be against his instructions, but what she planned to do there wouldn't exactly be sanctioned anyway.
What do you think I've been going through lately... wanting to tell you, wanting to hold you in my arms - not knowing if you felt the way I did.
Watching the two of them, it was all she could do to control her own tears... especially knowing that this was at least partly her fault.
It is hard to do whenever it induces in its possessor the belief that he cannot be checked by any existing larger accumulation of power.
Yes; for they eat of the dama-fruit, as we all do, and that keeps them from being seen by any eye, whether human or animal.
I spend less time waiting for Excel to do a recalculation of my formulas today than I did on my  in the s, even though my spreadsheets are thousands of times more complex.
I do not remember what they all were; but I do know that mother, father, sister, teacher were among them--words that were to make the world blossom for me, "like Aaron's rod, with flowers."
Confucius said, "To know that we know what we know, and that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge."
Let him who has work to do recollect that the object of clothing is, first, to retain the vital heat, and secondly, in this state of society, to cover nakedness, and he may judge how much of any necessary or important work may be accomplished without adding to his wardrobe.
I don't know if he is actually trying to hide things, or simply doesn't know how to initiate the subject.
Why is it good when you adopt a baby that isn't yours, but bad if it's yours and you don't give birth to it?
If I didn't want to do what he said I'd tell him so - and he would listen to my reasons.
Oh, I can understand why you would want to deceive people, I just don't understand how you can involve your family in such a thing – especially Tammy!
They would probably be leaving very soon and anything she could do to hurry the process meant they would get to Ashley sooner.
I don't know about friends, but there sure are a lot of people in Ashley who seem preoccupied with everything I do.
I never met your mother, but if she was anything like you, I reckon he thought she'd do just that.
I don't know what kind of wages you draw here, but I'd be willing to pay you a hundred a week plus room and board.
I didn't grow up around here like you, and I don't intend to spend the rest of my life working at the diner.
But if I'm supposed to avoid the subject, don't act like I'm in the middle of some deceitful act when I try.
If you figure out a way to do this all day and still make the ranch turn a profit, you could make a fortune teaching your method at seminars.
I know the work is hard and the weather is forbidding at times, but do you know how lucky you are?
No, I simply think there is a proper way to do things, and humans have a habit of doing what pleases them at the moment, not what is best for the future.
