
He first landed at Marseilles, where he received an enthusiastic welcome from the people, but the prince-president refused to allow him to cross France.
He directs this spirit of revolt also against the sources of his own inspiration; he turns bitterly against Wagner, whose intimate friend and enthusiastic admirer he had been, and denounces him as the musician of decadent emotionalism; he rejects his "educator" Schopenhauer's pessimism, and transforms his will to live into a "Will to Power."
Of an enthusiastic temperament, accomplished in classical literature, he seems while a pagan to have courted discussion with the converts to Christianity.
In obscure circumstances the enthusiastic hopes have melted away, the Davidic scion has disappeared, and Jerusalem has been the victim of another disaster.
The poet Thomas Gray, who stayed frequently at Stoke Poges in the vicinity, is enthusiastic concerning the beauty of the Beeches in a letter to Horace Walpole in .
The journey, which appears to have been undertaken with the usual passport, and under the protection of several powerful Bohemian friends (John of Chlum, Wenceslaus of Duba, Henry of Chlum) who accompanied him, was a very prosperous one; and at almost all the halting-places he was received with a consideration and enthusiastic sympathy which he had hardly expected to meet with anywhere in Germany.
There was in the whole family a tendency to ecstatic emotion and enthusiastic piety, and it is worth noting that Cappadocia had already given to the Church men like Firmilian and Gregory Thaumaturgus.
While still a youth () he went with his brother Euoptius to Alexandria, where he became an enthusiastic Neoplatonist and disciple of Hypatia.
Meanwhile, like Bunyan and many other puritans, Cromwell had been passing through a trying period of mental and religious change and struggle, beginning with deep melancholy and religious doubt and depression, and ending with "seeing light" and with enthusiastic and convinced faith, which remained henceforth the chief characteristic and impulse in his career.
Meanwhile the enthusiastic reception accorded to the young German emperor on the occasion of his visit to Rome in October , and the cordiality shown towards King Humbert and Crispi at Berlin in May , increased the tension of FrancoItalian relations; nor was it until after the fall of Prince Bismarck in March  that Crispi adopted towards the Republic a more friendly attitude by sending an Italian squadron to salute President Carnot at Toulon.
His character was naturally impetuous and enthusiastic, but became marked with great self-control as he gradually brought his will under his reason.
In February  he finally sailed from Calcutta, after a dignified ceremony of resignation, and amid enthusiastic farewells from all classes.
On the th of that month the nomination of Prince George of Greece as high commissioner of the powers in Crete for a period of three years (renewed in ) was formally announced, and on the st of December the prince landed at Suda and made his public entry into Canea amid enthusiastic demonstrations.
Be this as it may, enthusiastic as he was for a new logic that might give certainty to moral and social conclusions, Mill was no less resolute that the new logic should stand in no antagonism to the old.
On proceeding to Ajaccio in September  for another furlough, he found his brother Joseph enthusiastic in the democratic cause and acting as secretary of the local political club.
On the outbreak of the Civil War of the th century, the county at first inclined to support the king, who received an enthusiastic reception when he visited Derby in , but by the close of  Sir John Gell of Hopton had secured almost the whole county for the parliament.
The movement of reform started, of necessity, with scholars rather than practising physicians - more precisely with a group of learned men, whom we may be permitted, for the sake of a name, to call the medical humanists, equally enthusiastic in the cause of letters and of medicine.
And yet it was to this property-holding, debt-paying, law-abiding, well-dressed, courteous-mannered citizen of Concord that the ardent and enthusiastic turned as the prophet of the new idealism.
In the spring of  he went to London, where he was accorded an enthusiastic reception and given the freedom of the city.
Ritschl was professor of theology at Bonn (extraordinarius ; ordinarius ) and GÃƒ¶ttingen (; Consistorialrath also in ), his addresses on religion delivered at the latter university showing the impression made upon his mind by his enthusiastic studies of Kant and Schleiermacher.
How could five old men tottering away to their final resting place be enthusiastic on the reception of a stranger?
If you know how to write a good thank you letter before going to the interview, then you'll be able to send thanks faster, which can show an employer that you are enthusiastic about a particular job.
If, then, an Egyptian inscription of the XIXth dynasty had come to hand in which the names of Joseph and Moses, and the deeds of the Israelites as a subject people who finally escaped from bondage by crossing the Red Sea, were recorded in hieroglyphic characters, such a monument would have been hailed with enthusiastic delight by every champion of the Pentateuch, and a wave of supreme satisfaction would have passed over all Christendom.
The enthusiastic group transformed the Station by painting and cleaning the platform area and taming the garden to maintain the upkeep of the railroad.
It has already been mentioned that Macgillivray contributed to Audubon's Ornithological Biography a series of descriptions of some parts of the anatomy of American birds, from Mac- gillivray subjects supplied to him by that enthusiastic naturalist, and whose zeal and prescience, it may be called, in this respect merits all praise.
He was an enthusiastic supporter of the movement which led to the Disruption of ; and his name is thenceforth associated with the Free Church, for which he collected r , from July  to June  to provide manses for the seceding ministers.
These enthusiastic evangelists esteemed zeal a higher virtue than discipline and decorum, and put small emphasis on church systems as compared with conversions.
That a philosopher like Justin, with a bias towards an Hellenic construction of the Christian religion, should nevertheless have accepted its chiliastic elements is the strongest proof that these enthusiastic expectations were inseparably bound up with the Christian faith down to the middle of the and century.
The Turkish forces unsuccessfully besieged the city in  and , on which last occasion a glorious victory was obtained by the Christian garrison, led by the famous John Hunyady and the enthusiastic monk John Capistran.
A great deal has been said by enthusiastic writers about the famille chrysanthemoponienne of Imari and the genre Kakiemon of Nabeshima, but these porcelains, beautiful as they undoubtedly are, cannot be placed on the same level with the kwan-yao and famille rose of the Chinese experts.
After escaping from the chains of his passion for the beautiful but reckless Mrs Woffington, Garrick had in  married Mademoiselle Violette (Eva Maria Veigel), a German lady who had attracted admiration at Florence or at Vienna as a dancer, and had come to England early in , where her modest grace and the rumours which surrounded her created a furore, and where she found enthusiastic patrons in the earl and countess of Burlington.
When he became assistantsecretary of the navy, his work was not so publicly conspicuous,  In a volume entitled Roosevelt the Citizen, which, while it is frankly written as the enthusiastic tribute of a personal admirer, may be relied upon for accuracy in its statement of historical or biographical facts.
He was an enthusiastic adherent of Maimonides, and, though far advanced in years, took an active part in the battle which raged in southern France and Spain round his philosophicoreligious writings.
Though his character would seem, from much which is found in his writings, and from anecdotes told by those who still remember him, to have been unsympathetic, it was not so understood by enthusiastic young people, who hung on his words as those of a prophet.
An enthusiastic humanitarian on all subjects, Dr Howe was an ardent abolitionist and a member of the Free Soil party, and had played a leading part at Boston in the movements which culminated in the Civil War.
The strange enthusiastic character of the old Phrygian religion was not wholly lost when the country became Christian, but is clearly traced in the various heresies that arose in central Anatolia.
Schiller's art, with its broad, clear lines, its unambiguous moral issues, and its enthusiastic optimism, has appealed with peculiar force to the German people, especially in periods of political despondency.
We here catch a glimpse of the circumstances which were winning over good men to monasticism in the West, though the evidence of an enthusiastic votary of the solitary life, such as Severus was, is probably not free from exaggeration.
This may have been so to some degree; but Papias (whose name itself denotes that he was of the native Phrygian stock, and who shared the enthusiastic religious temper characteristic of Phrygia, see Montanism) was nearer in spirit to the actual Christianity of the sub-apostolic age, especially in western Asia, than Eusebius realized.
A man in intellect and courage, yet without conceit or bravado; a woman in sensibility and tenderness, yet without shrinking or weakness; a saint in purity of life and devotion of heart, yet without asceticism or religiosity; a knight-errant in hatred of wrong and contempt of baseness, yet without self-righteousness or cynicism; a prince in dignity and courtesy, yet without formality or condescension; a poet in thought and feeling, yet without jealousy or affectation; a scholar in tastes and habits, yet without aloofness or bookishness; a dutiful son, a loving husband, a judicious father, a trusty friend, a useful citizen and an enthusiastic patriot, - he united in his strong, transparent humanity almost every virtue under heaven.
Enthusiastic chef with / rosette background required to support the Pastry chef in this well renowned kitchen looking to regain its Michelin Star.
George had become an enthusiastic member of this group despite his previous rather scornful attitude to what he called " they statistic merchants ".
Divine peace glows on all the majestic landscape like the silent enthusiastic joy that sometimes transfigures a noble human face.
These girls are enthusiastic, with a blond taking her present of a double vagina with a smile on her face.
While friends and family are usually especially enthusiastic about helping immediately after a baby is born, sometimes busy lives intrude and offers of help can decrease over time.
While the XanGo company has tried to curtail its distributors' enthusiastic, and often overblown comments on the efficacy of the juice, many juice peddlers prefer to prey on the unwary.
Whether you're just getting started in the hobby or an enthusiastic crafter, there are a number of strategies you can use to make sure your sticker collection is both easily accessible and protected from damage.
There is a small but enthusiastic community of people who like to strip down when they ski, and even those in the ski community who aren't personally comfortable with such activities are typically tolerant of naked skiers.
If you are enthusiastic about making progress in the sport, you might want to choose a slightly longer ski that you will be able to use in the following season.
Find a baker and decorator who are enthusiastic about what you want and will carry your visions of taste and presentation through all the way to your wedding day.
Steve Irwin, the Australian television host also known as "The Crocodile Hunter," was admired by children and adults from across the world for his enthusiastic efforts to promote the conservation of endangered animals.
During the  Orange Bowl halftime show, Ashlee Simpson performed the song "La La" to a less than enthusiastic crowd.
Most fans of the books are enthusiastic over his portrayal of the lead character, which ensures that he will be back for the rest of the series to reprise this role.
Carradine was in Thailand working on a new film and was said to be enthusiastic about the movie, but when he didn't show up for work, people began to worry.
He was forced to attend classes to appear with the troupe and even though he wasn't enthusiastic about these studies at the time, they were instrumental in helping him achieve his breakthrough role.
This is the first age of decision making, and you may be surprised at how enthusiastic she will be in picking out ensembles and willingly trying them on if it's something she has invested interest into.
Many people are more than ready to take on a cute puppy, however, once the reality of training sets in, they become less than enthusiastic.
In addition to obedience training, these dogs are also enthusiastic about agility because it mimics many of the conditions these dogs would experience in the field while pursuing quarry.
These dogs are loyal, intelligent and enthusiastic, but they have a tendency to be a little stubborn if consistency isn't applied to their training.
Harley-Davidson fans are some of the most enthusiastic bikers around and the brand name is one of the most recognizable in the world.
If you were to sit a youngster down and tell him or her that you are discussing issues related to safety, whether it is in the summer or for a different time of year, the child may be less than enthusiastic.
Without these maps, tourists from all over the world would be lost and confused within the confines of Disney's larger than life layout with cartoon-inspired landscaping and busy streets of parades, vendors and enthusiastic crowds.
Some people are pretty enthusiastic about their video games, but very few have the same level of energy as the Angry Video Game Nerd.
The common gamer term "gib" (derived from giblet, the dense gizzard organ you find in some table fowl) was born in these games - an enthusiastic word for the bloody chunks that go flying when you shoot an opponent.
Over the next  years the partners worked to develop small production run Pinot Noir wines that had a following of enthusiastic fans.
Like milk, boxed wine typically has a "best by" date, although this won't necessarily be an issue for enthusiastic wine drinkers.
The best way to learn, as with any dance, is simply to do it - preferably under the watchful eye of a skilled dance instructor and with a partner who is as enthusiastic about the dancing as you are.
Today, line dancing is done to many different songs in social clubs and ballrooms, and the response from a crowd is always enthusiastic.
The word "Jive" is an African slang term meaning "exaggerations," and this is shown in the enthusiastic dance steps and bravado that accompany good Jive performances.
The exception being enlistment records, as many enthusiastic young men might exaggerate their age in order to join a patriotic cause.
When you make your visit, check to see if the facilities are clean and up-to-date and if the staff members seem enthusiastic about their jobs.
In fact, even the best-made suit can have a hard time holding up against the forces of water and enthusiastic play -- and truth be told, sometimes things just break.
We hear that over and over, but when you really look at the benefits of adding fruits and vegetables to your daily intake you might just be a little more enthusiastic about reaching for that next piece of fruit.
Other sites are run by enthusiastic hobbyists and as such the recipes or projects might not have been fully tested or the explanations might not be that clear.
It is important for every potential Gold Canyon representative to familiarize herself with and become enthusiastic about the product line if she is to sell effectively.
When you decide to hold a school spirit auction, be sure that you pull together a committee of enthusiastic volunteers who will be willing to secure items that can be offered for sale during the event.
The more enthusiastic and positive you are about your efforts, the more likely you will be to receive a donation.
An avid cook might enjoy private cooking lessons with a chef at his/her favorite restaurant, while an enthusiastic outdoorsman would probably love a chance to spend the day hiking or fishing at a beautiful park.
You may be the happiest couple who gets along just fine when you are together, but some members of your family may not be as enthusiastic about your relationship as you are.
One of the most classic types of proposals is over a candlelit dinner, a glass of wine, or a sweet dessert, made all the sweeter by a delicate question and enthusiastic response.
Because the anticipated response is an enthusiastic "yes," it is important to consider the bride-to-be's ideas about a perfect proposal.
In addition to celebrities sporting cubic zirconia pieces, the company also offer replicas of celebrity engagement rings for enthusiastic fans.
Her stunned surprise was capped with an enthusiastic response, and the couple became happily engaged with instant celebrity status for such a daring and public proposal.
While one person may be an avid sports fan, if the other person isn't as enthusiastic, they may prefer a more traditional, less public proposal.
There are many grandparents who are enthusiastic silver surfers and who have embraced new technologies and there are many of the younger generations who are sticklers for old traditions.
An Aries man is one that is assertive and bold, passionate and enthusiastic, and he wants more than anything to find those very same qualities in a potential partner.
It's not that he's looking for a carbon copy of himself; it's just that he understands that life is an adventure, one that he wants to share with someone as enthusiastic as he is!
Capricorn is an ardent and enthusiastic lover who revels in all things sensual, but he rarely takes himself too seriously in this department.
Aries does have a number of positive traits, and chief among them is the sign's adventurous, pioneering and enthusiastic nature.
If they spend a lot of time playing video games, they might not be too enthusiastic about an "environmental" camp.
Ed Hardy high tops are a bold shoe selection for the enthusiastic shopper who is looking for something to wear that's fashion forward, recognizable, and bright.
While Macintosh users are enthusiastic, Rush Limbaugh being among them, business owners have always complained about a lack of business-oriented products or Web sites geared to Apple web-based programs.
This approach is much easier than hiring someone who is not enthusiastic about what the company does and trying to get them to change their attitude after being hired.
You might want to indicate that you are bright, enthusiastic, and ready to roll up your sleeves and get to work.
In fact, followers of Oprah tend to be so loyal and enthusiastic that some critics have coined the term "the cult of Oprah.
The whole purpose of cheerleading is to make it seem easy to be enthusiastic about the team, even to the point of flying through the air.
If you've seen a competitive cheerleading performance, you will note that these enthusiastic performances rely heavily on flawlessly executed dance moves and challenging gymnastics.
From workshops to teacher certification, the company is enthusiastic about spreading the word of the Pilates Method and instructing people in how to do it properly.
It may be that she is so incredibly enthusiastic about insurance, or it may be that she is so outgoing and friendly.
If you are enthusiastic about trying a sexy look that's body-conscious and still layerable, then full body stockings are the perfect pick for you.
Chances are, you are already spending so much on your wedding ceremony and reception, you are probably not too enthusiastic about spending a fortune on new underwear.
As a child, she was an enthusiastic dancer, and while a student at California State University at Northridge, she auditioned to become part of the Laker Girls squad.
Customer reviews of this kit were more enthusiastic than for the dock or the headphones, with a  out of  star grade.
Instead, the film went on to win an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay, and audiences and critics were no less enthusiastic about the soundtrack.
After all, if the person of honor is not enthusiastic about your birthday party ideas, his or her friends won't be, either.
He's one of the most enthusiastic and adorable TV hosts currently on the air, and he is also a truly skilled carpenter.
She is really enthusiastic, and very feminine and very much the antithesis of everything Lois (Erica Durance) - that was a lot of fun.
A somewhat different conception of the sovereign's functions was that of Disraeli's great rival, Gladstone, who, though his respect for the person and office of the sovereign was unbounded, not only expected all people, the queen included, to agree with him when he changed his mind, but to become suddenly enthusiastic about his new ideas.
Peter's enthusiastic worship of Frederick resulted in a peace (May ) and then (June ) in an offensive and defensive alliance between Russia and Prussia, whereby Peter restored to Prussia all the territory won from her by Russia during the last five years at such an enormous expense of men and money, and engaged to defend Frederick against all his enemies.
He, however, much regretted the gradual and very natural trend of his new English allies towards extreme Ultramontane views, of which Archdeacon, afterwards Cardinal, Manning ultimately became an enthusiastic advocate.
It is more probable that, like Grosseteste, he had imbibed in early youth an enthusiastic sentiment of attachment to the Papacy as the only centre of authority, and the only guarantee for public order in the Church, but that his experience of the actual working of the papal system (land especially a visit to Rome in ) had to a certain extent convinced him how little correspondence there was between his ideal and the reality.
In Rome he lectured on rhetoric and philosophy, and collected around him many eminent pupils, amongst whom Cicero was the most famous and the most enthusiastic. None of his works is extant; our knowledge of his views is derived from Numenius, Sextus Empiricus and Cicero.
Evelyn was secretary of the Royal Society in , and as an enthusiastic promoter of its interests was twice (in  and ) offered the presidency.
Francia probably studied likewise the works of Perugino; and he became a friend and ardent admirer of Raphael, to whom he addressed an enthusiastic sonnet.
A wave of intense religious feeling passes over the land and finds its expression, according to the ordinary law of oriental life, in the formation of a sort of enthusiastic religious order.
The revolution which this theory gradually brought about is shown in the transformation of the religious, enthusiastic organization of the Church into a legal and political constitution.
A determined opponent of the Latin church and an enthusiastic admirer of the Byzantine empire, Anna Comnena regards the Crusades as a danger both political and religious.
Of this by far the most important member was Federigo da Montefeltro, lord of Urbino from  to , one of the most successful condottieri chiefs of his time, and not only a man of great military and political ability, but also an enthusiastic patron of art and literature, on which he lavished immense sums of money.
The task of clearing up after the war, both in South Africa and at home, lay before him; but his cordial relations with Mr Chamberlain, and the enthusiastic support of a large parliamentary majority, made the prospects fair.
The Russo-Japanese War came to an end; the new offensive and defensive alliance with Japan was signed on the th of August; the successful AngloFrench agreement, concluded in April , had brought out a vigorous expression of cordiality between England and France, shown in an enthusiastic exchange of naval visits; and the danger, which threatened in the early summer, of complications with France and Gemany over Morocco, was in a fair way of being dispelled by the support given to France by Great Britain.
He was known from early life as a cultured musician, and became an enthusiastic golf player, having been captain of the Royal and Antient Golf Club of St Andrews in -.
He was an enthusiastic advocate of church disestablishment, and had a historic newspaper duel with Dr John Owen (afterwards bishop of St David's) on this question.
The history of mission work here is one of exploration and peril amongst savage peoples, multitudinous languages and an adverse climate, but it has been marked by wise methods as well as enthusiastic devotion, industrial work being one of the basal principles.
The young prince alone rose to the height of the occasion, and set his face against such cowardly counsels, and he had the enthusiastic support of the great majority of the people.
Stimulated, however, by the perusal of some writings of Democritus, he began to formulate a doctrine of his own; and at Mitylene, Colophon and Lampsacus, he gradually gathered round him several enthusiastic disciples.
The others have been re-edited with scrupulous care for the Oxford University Press by the pious diligence of that most enthusiastic of all Johnsonians, Dr Birkbeck Hill.
The two brothers were enthusiastic imperialists, and with persistent courage they upheld the cause of their sovereign during his two absences in Italy.
As the Union was headed by the elector palatine of the Rhine, Frederick IV., who was a Calvinist, many Lutherans, among them the elector of Saxony, were by no means enthusiastic in its support.
In his exaltation of the spiritual side of religion over its forms, his enthusiastic celebration of the love of Christ, and his assertion of the individualist principle, he represented the best side of the influences that led to the Lollard movement.
Since Mahomet's strength lay in his enthusiastic and fiery imagination rather than in the wealth of ideas and clearness of abstract thought on which exact reasoning depends, it follows that the older suras, in which the former qualities have free scope, must be more attractive to us than the later.
Lessing, who as a youth of twenty came to Berlin in  , composed enthusiastic odes in his honour, and Gleim, the Halberstadt poet, wrote of him as of a kind of demi-god.
While retaining for a time the old ministers who had served and overthrown the emperor Paul, one of the first acts of his reign was to appoint a secret committee, called ironically the " Comite du salut public," consisting of young and enthusiastic friends of his own - Victor Gavovich Kochubey, Nikolai Nikolaevich Novosiltsov, Paul Alexandrovich Strogonov and Adam Czartoryski - to draw up a scheme of internal reform.
His greatest service to philosophy was his enthusiastic defence of Descartes, whose agent he was in Paris and whom he visited in exile in Holland.
As was shown later, he imported into his view of politics a warm sentiment and an imaginative outlook; and he was an enthusiastic student of Lord Beaconsfield's political novels, more particularly of Sybil, after the heroine in which he named one of his daughters.
The idea of a Spanish marriage excited the wrath of Knox, whose interviews with Mary did nothing but irritate both parties and alienate the politicians from the more enthusiastic Protestants.
As a poet, his fame has undergone many vicissitudes since his death, ranging from the indifference of the "Young German" school to the enthusiastic admiration of the closing decades of the th century - an enthusiasm to which we owe the Weimar Goethe-Gesellschaft (founded in ) and a vast literature dealing with the poet's life and work; but the fact of his being Germany's greatest poet and the master of her classical literature has never been seriously put in question.
His army numbered a great many enthusiastic partisans, but among them not a few wiseacres; there were also others of doubtful loyalty.
He left his party strong, perfectly organized and enthusiastic on a platform of low expenditure, payment of the debt, no expenditure for public improvement or for glory or display in any form and low taxes.
The exiles received an enthusiastic welcome in London, but Settembrini after a short stay in England joined his family at Florence in .
This enthusiastic priest at once began to re-assert the ancient metropolitan claims of the historic Welsh see, and between the years-paid three visits to Rome in order to obtain the support of Pope Innocent III.
How wide-spread and enthusiastic is this true spirit of nationalism amongst all classes and sects of Welsh society to-day may be observed at the great meetings of the National Eisteddfod, which is held on alternate years in North and South Wales at some important centre, and at which the immense crowds collected and the interest displayed make a deep impression on the Anglo-Saxon or foreign visitors.
The enthusiastic course of the Methodist movement under Howell Harris, Daniel Rowland and William Williams; the establishment of Welsh Sunday Schools; the founding of the Bible Society under Thomas Charles of Bala; and the revival early in the th century of the Eisteddfodau (the ancient bardic contests of music, poetry and learning), have all contributed to extend the use of the Welsh language and to strengthen its hold as a popular medium of education throughout the Principality.
The town was enthusiastic in the cause of the Reformed Religion in the th century, and still contains many Protestants.
As a man, Ballanche was warm-hearted and enthusiastic, but he was endowed with a too-vivid imagination and his strange thoughts are expressed in equally bizarre language.
The Virginia colonial government, in earlier days cruelly intolerant, gave a limited toleration to Baptists of this type; but the "Separate" Baptists were too enthusiastic and too much alive to the evils of state control in religious matters to be willing to take out licences for their meetings, and soon came into sharp conflict with the authorities.
His writings have been described as "apologetic in intention, meditative in method and mystical in substance," and Tyrrell himself certainly combined in a wonderful way the judicial and the enthusiastic types of character.
The minimum is practically always exceeded, and trebled or quadrupled in the case of the more enthusiastic men, and the chief difficulty with which the officers responsible for training have to contend is the fact that no man can be compelled to attend on any particular occasion.
We do not know whether his influence was brought to bear in this sense upon Spinoza; but it has been suggested that the writings of Bruno, whose spirit of enthusiastic naturalism and fervid revolt against the Church would be especially dear to a man of Van den Ende's leanings, may have been put into the pupil's hand by the master.
The saga further states that Aails was an enthusiastic horse-breeder and that he met with his death through a fall from his horse.
The Sassanid Empire, indeed, is completely dominated by this formalism and ritualism; but the earlier testimony of Darius in his inscriptions and the statements in Herodotus enable us still to recognize the original healthy life of a religion capable of awakening the enthusiastic devotion of the inner man.
As a statesman he won himself both enthusiastic adherents and bitter enemies, but of his patriotism there can be no doubt.
He displayed an early predilection for zoology and ornithology, and in later life became a skilled and enthusiastic collector, particularly of African plants and birds.
Hazlitt has recorded his very favourable impression of a remarkable sermon delivered at Shrewsbury; but there are other accounts of Coleridge's preaching not so enthusiastic. In the summer of  he met for the first time the brother poet with whose name his own will be for ever associatedWordsworth and his sister had established themselves at Racedown in the Dorsetshire hills, and here Coleridge visited them in .
The poets and the philosophers paid him enthusiastic homage, and all the distinguished women of the day testified to his superlative merits.
Then Gustavus made a tour of the city and was everywhere received by enthusiastic crowds, who hailed him as a deliverer.
Besides continuing the great history, he undertook and carried out, during the years between the downfall of Louis Philippe and the final establishment of Napoleon III., an enthusiastic Histoire de la revolution francaise.
Count Balint Miklos (-), son of Balint Jozsef, was an enthusiastic partisan of the duc de Choiseul, on whose dismissal, in , he resigned the command of the French regiment of which he was the colonel.
The merit of achieving this belongs to the enthusiastic orientalist Anquetil Duperron, the fruit of whose prolonged stay in India (-) and his acquaintance with the Parsee priests was a translation (certainly very defective) of the Zend-Avesta.
He had always, however, very clear conceptions as to what was wanted, and possessed in a high degree the power of putting others in possession of his ideas and rendering them enthusiastic in carrying them into practice.
The circumstances of Lull's death caused him to be regarded as a martyr, local patriotism helped to magnify his merits, and his fantastic doctrines found many enthusiastic partisans.
While poor, morbid Edgar Allan Poe was writing violent and scurrilous articles upon him, accusing him of plagiarism and other literary misdemeanours, he was delivering enthusiastic lectures to his classes on Poe's poetry.
Again he returned to Alexandria amid the enthusiastic demonstrations of the populace, which is described by Gregory of Nazianzus, in his panegyric on Athanasius, as streaming forth like " another Nile " to meet him afar off as he approached the city.
If he was imperious in temper and inflexible in his conception of the Christian faith, he possessed a great heart and a great intellect, inspired with an enthusiastic devotion to Christ.
Neither the princes nor the people of Europe, however, were enthusiastic in this cause, and very little result came from the pope's exertions.
He accompanied this emperor, for whom he expresses enthusiastic admiration, in his campaigns against the Alamanni and the Persians; after his death he took part in the retreat of Jovian as far as Antioch, where he was residing when the conspiracy of Theodorus () was discovered and cruelly put down.
His enthusiastic piety attracted the notice of Martin Benson, bishop of Gloucester, who ordained him deacon on the th of June .
Other public edifices include the county buildings in the Tudor style, in front of which stands the monument to George, th marquess of Tweeddale (-), who was such an expert and enthusiastic coachman that he once drove the mail from London to Haddington without taking rest; the corn exchange, next to that of Edinburgh the largest in Scotland; the town house, with a spire  ft.
He was a political adventurer, an enthusiastic, energetic, ambitious, illbalanced man, shrewd and magnetic. He assuredly did much for the free-state cause; meek politics were not alone sufficient in those years in Kansas.
He won enthusiastic devotion from the men of Wessex and the South, but in Northumbria and Mercia lie was less liked.
Henry himself does not seem to have been particularly enthusiastic for persecution, but in order to keep the church party on his side he was forced to sanction it.
It is curious to find that Caxton, an honest man, and an enthusiast as to the future of the art of printing, which he had introduced into England, waxes enthusiastic as to the merits of the intelligent but unscrupulous peers who took an interest in his endeavours.
Ten years before, her jubilee had been the occasion of enthusiastic rejoicings, and the queens progress through London to a service of thanksgiving at Westminster bad impressed the imagination of her subjects and proved the affection of her people.
At the age of thirty-eight he honoured the French Academy by taking his place among its members; the speech delivered on the occasion was characteristically generous in its tribute to an undeserving memory, and significantly enthusiastic in its glorification of Napoleon.
On both sides of the great transition from being a Jewish to being a Gentile faith, Christianity, according to recent study, mani Enthus fested itself as " enthusiastic."
Out of doors he had a "bad press," in parliament he had some steady, enthusiastic friends, but more that were cold.
At the Berlin conference he had established a formidable reputation; the popularity he enjoyed at home was affectionately enthusiastic; no minister had ever stood in more cordial relations with his sovereign; and his honours in every kind were his own achievement against unending disadvantage.
She had also certain special privileges with regard to taxation and the army, and for the next ten years the policy of Wurttemberg was one of enthusiastic loyalty to the new order.
And in this work of collection and instruction Filelfo excelled, passing rapidly from place to place, stirring up the zeal for learning by the passion of his own enthusiastic temperament, and acting as a pioneer for men like Poliziano and Erasmus.
On the nd of April , the day after the second reading of the bill, the Albert Hall in London was filled by enthusiastic Unionist delegates from all parts of Ireland.
Pope Gregory XIV., an enthusiastic supporter of the League and a strong adherent of Spain., having succeeded Sixtus V., who had been very lukewarm towards the League, made Henry IV.s position still more serious just at the moment when, the old Cardinal de Bourbon having died, Philip II.
An enthusiastic believer in the destiny of his country and more especially of the West, and a thoroughgoing expansionist, he heartily favoured in Congress the measures which resulted in the annexation of Texas and in the Mexican War - in the discussion of the annexation of Texas he suggested as early as  that the states to be admitted should come in slave or free, as their people should vote when they applied to Congress for admission, thus foreshadowing his doctrine of " Popular Sovereignty."
When, therefore, on the th of October , Frontenac arrived in Quebec as governor for the second time, he received an enthusiastic welcome, and confidence was at once restored in the public mind.
Even in the time of Copernicus some well-meaning persons, especially those of the reformed persuasion, had suspected a discrepancy between the new view of the solar system and certain passages of Scripture - a suspicion strengthened by the antiChristian inferences drawn from it by Giordano Bruno; but the question was never formally debated until Galileo's brilliant disclosures, enhanced by his formidable dialectic and enthusiastic zeal, irresistibly challenged for it the attention of the authorities.
The pope admitted him to six long audiences in the course of two months, wrote an enthusiastic letter to the grand-duke praising the great astronomer, not only for his distinguished learning, but also for his exemplary piety, and granted a pension to his son Vincenzio, which was afterwards transferred to himself, and paid, with some irregularities, to the end of his life.
The cautious Lutheran princes of Germany, especially Augustus I., elector of Saxony, were not enthusiastic in support of Gebhard, whose friendly relations with the Calvinists were not to their liking; and although Henry of Navarre, afterwards Henry IV.
In fact, we find enthusiastic bee-men and women travelling several hundreds of miles and devoting time, money and labour in attending conferences of bee-keepers in America, while the proceedings usually last for several days and are largely attended.
Prior to that date wooden box-hives of various shapes had been adopted by advanced bee-masters anxious to increase their output of honey, and by enthusiastic naturalists desirous of studying and investigating the wonders of bee-life apart from the utilitarian standpoint.
The incoming workers returning pollen-laden from the fields, carried away by the prevailing excitement, do not stop to unload their burdens in the old home, but join the enthusiastic emigrants, tumbling over each other pell-mell in the outrush; among them the queen of the colony will in due course have taken her place, bound like her children for a new home.
But as colonial secretary, except in so far as his consistent support of Lord Milner and his enthusiastic encouragement of colonial assistance were concerned, he naturally played only a subordinate part during the carrying out of the military operations.
The broad fact remained that while Mr Chamberlain's activity gathered round him the bulk of the Unionist members and an enthusiastic band of economic sympathizers, the country as a whole remained apathetic and unconvinced.
At the opening of  he was officially invited by Mr Deakin, the prime minister of the Commonwealth, to pay a visit to Australia, in order to expound his scheme, being promised an enthusiastic welcome "as the harbinger of commercial reciprocity between the mother country and her colonies."
He received an enthusiastic welcome in both capitals, but the visit to Vienna was never returned in Rome, for Francis Joseph as a Catholic sovereign feared to offend the pope, a circumstance which served to embitter Austro-Italian relations.
It is no enthusiastic crusader, but an anxious and farseeing if somewhat speculative statesman who thus opens his mind to us.
As our most enthusiastic dream team member, she set out the chores for all of us as we gathered about the oak table.
In spite of the dreary weather, Pumpkin's enthusiastic description sold the venture to all but Joseph Dawkins and two senior ladies.
Brandon Westlake was a late arrival to the table, missing Fred's sales pitch, but he was just as enthusiastic about the auction.
Conversation on the trip up was limited to Ryland's enthusiastic appraisal of his son's abilities and skiing in general, with no mention of Edith Shipton and her problems.
Regent Holidays has a superb team of extremely knowledgeable tours managers who are very enthusiastic about the areas they cover.
Richard Bailey is an established Highpoint instructor and an enthusiastic alpinist who has accomplished some hard routes in winter conditions.
The samples showcased in this book were generated by groups of enthusiastic braiders interested in Kumihimo - the ancient art of Japanese braiding.
Kelly Fisher found her match being watched by an enthusiastic crowd of German fans who had heard that the world champion was in town.
He is quick to respond to attraction, and easily becomes enthusiastic under such stimulus; but he is not very enduring.
They're also pretty enthusiastic and perhaps sufficiently energetic to want to tell all on the site for their Awards entry.
The band have combined these elements to form their own brand of indie pop that is amassing an enthusiastic following.
But they soon got enthusiastic over their dinner, especially the roast rump of lamb which had a very rich sauce with braised vegetables.
If you have photographs of your dancers that you exceptionally like, or if you have students that can serve as enthusiastic models, you can print some of your own students or teachers on posters.
Although the bill drawn up by the convention of  was not received by the people with any show of interest, the federation movement did not die out; on the contrary, it had many enthusiastic advocates, especially in the colony of Victoria.
And he who would understand what he remembers to have been said, whether in a dream or when he was awake, by the prophetic and enthusiastic nature, or what he has seen, must first recover his wits; and then he will be able to explain rationally what all  This misunderstanding of Acts ii.
This enthusiastic love of poverty is certainly the keynote of St Francis's spirit; and so one of his disciples in an allegorical poem (translated into English as The Lady of Poverty by Montgomery Carmichael, ), and Giotto in one of the frescoes at Assisi, celebrated the "holy nuptials of Francis with Lady Poverty."
Wren was an enthusiastic admirer of Bernini's designs, and visited Paris in  in order to see him and his proposed scheme for the rebuilding of the Louvre.
In the summer of  the visit to Kronstadt of a French squadron under Admiral Gervais was made the occasion for an enthusiastic demonstration in favour of a Franco-Russian alliance; and two years later (October ) a still more enthusiastic reception was given to the Russian Admiral Avelan and his officers when they visited Toulon and Paris.
He sat for a short time (-) as a member of the Chamber of Deputies, but lost his seat owing to his enthusiastic adoption of the principles of free trade.
His lucid style and the perfection of his experimental demonstrations drew to his lectures a crowd of enthusiastic scholars, on whom he impressed the importance of applied science by conducting them round the factories and workshops of the city; and he further found time to hold weekly "colloquies" on physical questions at his house with a small circle of young students.
But his assent to this was only extracted from him in  by the importunities of his friends, especially of his enthusiastic disciple George Joachim Rheticus (-), who printed, in the Narratio prima (Danzig, ), a preliminary account of the Copernican theory, and simultaneously sent to the press at Nuremberg his master's complete exposition of it in the treatise entitled De revolutionibus orbium coelestium ().
He wrote to the great geometer a letter on the principles of mechanics, which evoked an immediate and enthusiastic response.
Most of Nasir's lyrical poems - were composed in his retirement, and their chief topics are - an enthusiastic praise of `Ali, his descendants, and Mostansir in particular; passionate outcries against Khorasan and its rulers, who had driven him from house and home; the highest satisfaction with the quiet solitude of Yumgan; and utter despondency again in seeing himself despised by his former associates and for ever excluded from participation in the glorious contest of life.
At the time of his death, and for some time after it, the enthusiastic recognition of the genius of Tennyson was too extravagant to be permanent.
On the whole, no doubt, it is the more masculine and practical side of this enthusiastic state of mind which Villehardouin shows.
They joined an enthusiastic movement which had originated in a remote province, and had at first a merely local importance.
He continued, however, to take a warm interest in politics, both home and foreign, and especially in the war against France, of which he was an enthusiastic supporter.
He was a zealous defender of that monastic life which was beginning to take such a large place in the church of the th century, and he found enthusiastic disciples among the Roman ladies.
It was at Athens that he seriously began to think of religion, and resolved to seek out the most famous hermit saints in Syria and Arabia, in order to learn from them how to attain to that enthusiastic piety in which he delighted, and how to keep his body under by maceration and other ascetic devices.
Brutus had been applauded in red-heeled shoes and culottes jarretees; but Talma, advised by David, appeared in toga and sandals before an enthusiastic audience.
Of the remainder many were far from enthusiastic in the cause for which they had perforce to take up arms, and might prove a source of weakness should victory incline to the French eagles.
Meanwhile he had given up the Calvinistic views of his youth, and had become an enthusiastic follower of John Henry Newman.
He had already made himself known by critical studies on the history of the middle ages, of which the most important was his Geschichte des ersten Kreuzzuges (Dusseldorf, ; new ed., Leipzig, ), a work which, besides its merit as a valuable piece of historical investigation, according to the critical methods which he had learnt from Ranke, was also of some significance as a protest against the vaguely enthusiastic attitude towards the middle ages encouraged by the Romantic school.
He neither had nor professed any enthusiastic affection for his wife, but he lived on excellent terms with her, and bestowed some pains on the education of the only child (a daughter, Leonore) who survived infancy.
He died in  while the Peasants' War was desolating his land, and was succeeded by his brother John, who was an enthusiastic supporter of the reformed faith and who shared with Philip, landgrave of Hesse, the leadership of the league of Schmalkalden.
Owing its real origin, as a distinct foundation of reformed Benedictines, in the year , to Stephen Harding (a native of Dorsetshire, educated in the monastery of Sherborne), and deriving its name from Citeaux (Cistercium), a desolate and almost inaccessible forest solitude, on the borders of Champagne and Burgundy, the rapid growth and wide celebrity of the order are undoubtedly to be attributed to the enthusiastic piety of St Bernard, abbot of the first of the monastic colonies, subsequently sent forth in such quick succession by the first Cistercian houses, the far-famed abbey of Clairvaux (de Clara Valle), A.D.
His landing at Borradale on the th of August brought a few enthusiastic Macdonalds about him; from a sense of honour Lochiel joined with the Camerons.
The climate of eastern Bokhara and Darwaz is delightful in summer, and Dr Regel writes of its Alpine scenery and flora in terms of enthusiastic admiration.
Among the visionary Franciscans, enthusiastic adherents of Joachim's prophecies, arose above all the conviction that the pope was Antichrist, or at least his precursor.
Visiting America on a lecture tour in , he received an enthusiastic welcome, and was entertained at a public banquet in New York.
After this Jesus passed away from the enthusiastic crowds by the lake to visit His own Nazareth, and to find there a strange incredulity in regard to one whom the villagers knew as the carpenter.
He was an enthusiastic advocate of the Federal constitution, and in  exerted strong influence to secure its ratification by his native state.
Work with highly qualified and enthusiastic people from a broad, mainly scientific background in an ethical environment and decisions are data driven.
George had become an enthusiastic member of this group despite his previous rather scornful attitude to what he called " they statistic merchants " .
The Cocker is the smallest of the working spaniels, is a happy, enthusiastic companion whose tail never seems to stops wagging.
Enthusiastic pupils sat at his feet (see the Panegyric of Gregory Thaumaturgus), and the methodical instruction which he imparted in all branches of knowledge was famous all over the East.
Though the least popular, by far the most interesting, original and suggestive of all Law's works are those which he wrote in his later years, after he had become an enthusiastic admirer (not a disciple) of Jacob Boehme, the Teutonic theosophist.
His warm reception in France and his enthusiastic Republicanism, however, displeased the Federalists at home; he did nothing, moreover, to reconcile the French to the Jay treaty (see JAY, John), which they regarded as a violation of the French treaty of alliance of  and as a possible casus belli.
The House passed by an enormous majority a resolution (introduced on June ) "that in order to give effect to the will of the people, as expressed by their representatives, it is necessary that the power of the other House to alter or reject bills passed by this House should be so restricted by law as to secure that within the limits of a single parliament the final decision of the Commons shall prevail"; but the prime minister's explanation that statutory provision should be made for two or three successive private conferences between the two Houses as to any bill in dispute at intervals of about six months, and that, only after that, the bill in question should be finally sent up by the Commons with the intimation that unless passed in that form it would become law over their heads, was obviously not what was wanted by enthusiastic opponents of the second chamber.
The Champion guys are all so enthusiastic and dedicated and it would be good to reward them with a rostrum finish.
From multi-player online games to arcade games and those offering a live opponent to play with, there is something for even the most enthusiastic of players.
Parent reviews report that kids love Wai Lana, and love her DVDs, making it the case that both parents and children are enthusiastic about these yoga DVDs.
His father, the Rev. Francis Wollaston (-), rector of Chislehurst, grandson of the William Wollaston noticed above, was an enthusiastic astronomer.
Dobrovsky introduced him to Count Sternberg and his brother Francis, both of whom took an enthusiastic interest in Bohemian history.
At the end of the rd century there was a circle of enthusiastic phil-hellenes among the Roman aristocracy, led by Titus Quinctius Flamininus, who in Rome's name proclaimed the autonomy of the Greeks at the Isthmian games of .
The arrival of da Gama at Lisbon was celebrated with national rejoicings scarcely less enthusiastic than had greeted the return of Columbus.
Mill was an enthusiastic botanist all his life long, and a frequent contributor of notes and short papers to the Phytologist.
Toutain, Esperandieu, Gauckler, Merlin, Homo and many others, to say nothing of German scholars, such as Willmans and Schulten, and especially of a great number of enthusiastic officers of the army of occupation, who explored all the ancient sites, and in many cases excavated with great success (for their results see the works quoted above).
His labours were as various as they were incessant - now guiding the councils of the league, now addressing crowded and enthusiastic meetings of his supporters in London or the large towns of England and Scotland, now invading the agricultural districts and challenging the landlords to meet him in the presence of their own farmers, to discuss the question in dispute, and now encountering the Chartists, led by Feargus O'Connor.
Many examples of the above varieties deserve the enthusiastic admiration they have received, yet they unquestionably belong to a lower rank of ceramic achievements than the choice productions of Chinese kilns.
The great political events which occurred during his boyhood and youth seem to have had less effect on him than on many of his contemporaries, and he was not carried away either by enthusiastic admiration for Napoleon or by the patriotic fervour of .
He was an enthusiastic and most useful leader of the volunteer movement from its beginning, and a writer, composer and singer of humorous and patriotic songs, some of which, as "The Three Foot Rule" and "They never shall have Gibraltar," became well known far beyond the circle of his acquaintance.
The enthusiastic spirit of reform which heralded the accession of the latter sultan never altogether died out, and from about the last decade of the th century has been rapidly and effectively growing in force and in method.
In these African campaigns Sulla showed that he knew how to win the confidence of his soldiers, and throughout his career the secret of his success seems to have been the enthusiastic devotion of his troops, whom he continued to hold well in hand, while allowing them to indulge in plundering and all kinds of excess.
The special quality which distinguished these prophetic gilds or companies was an intense patriotism combined with enthusiastic devotion to the cause of Yahweh.
If it has the misfortune to be systematized by an enthusiastic but dull and incompetent disciple, it may appear even absurd.
Mahmud now definitely selected him for the work of compiling and versifying the ancient legends, and bestowed upon him such marks of his favour and munificence as to elicit from the poet an enthusiastic panegyric, which is inserted in the preface of the Shahnama, and forms a curious contrast to the bitter satire which he subsequently prefixed to the book.
An enthusiastic disciple of Descartes, he wrote several works in philosophy and theology, which by their freedom of thought aroused considerable hostility.
Antiochus IV., of course, the enthusiastic Hellenist, filled Antioch with Greek artists and gave a royal welcome to Athenian philosophers.
He was a conservative in theology, but an enthusiastic adherent of the progressive party in politics, and sat as member for Erlangen and Furth in the Bavarian second chamber from  to .
The attitude of Paul toward glossolaly among his converts strikingly resembles Plato's opinion as expressed in the Timaeus, p. , of the enthusiastic ecstasies of the ancient µav ns (soothsayer).
More soberly true is the statement that he went on long walks with enthusiastic disciples, whom he taught without books.
Personally he was not enthusiastic over the African enterprise, as it introduced new and, to him, unaccustomed and unwelcome values into Italian political life; but he realized that public opinion demanded it and he did not care to run counter to the current.
Spanish levies, numbering nearly ioo, regulars and militia, brave and enthusiastic, but without organization, sufficient training, or a commander-in-chief, had collected together; , being in Andalusia, a similar number in Galicia, and others in Valencia and Estremadura, but few in the central portion of Spain.
