
Pierre had come just at dinnertime and was sitting awkwardly in the middle of the drawing room on the first chair he had come across, blocking the way for everyone.
He walked shyly and awkwardly over the parquet floor of the reception room, not knowing what to do with his hands; he was more accustomed to walk over a plowed field under fire, as he had done at the head of the Kursk regiment at Schon Grabern--and he would have found that easier.
The wolf paused, turned its heavy forehead toward the dogs awkwardly, like a man suffering from the quinsy, and, still slightly swaying from side to side, gave a couple of leaps and with a swish of its tail disappeared into the skirt of the wood.
Awkwardly jammed in the back seat, she sneaked a look at the occupants in the front of the car and withdrew her phone.
Barely noticing the taste of blood on her lip, she kicked the bedroll away and scrambled awkwardly to her feet again.
He bowed his head and scraped first with one foot and then with the other, awkwardly, like a child at a dancing lesson.
On that very meadow he had ridden over the day before, a soldier was lying athwart the rows of scented hay, with his head thrown awkwardly back and his shako off.
The hexameter no longer, as in Lucilius, moves awkwardly as if in fetters, but, like the language of Terence, of Catullus in his lighter pieces, of Cicero in his letters to Atticus, adapts itself to the everyday intercourse of life.
Little Tushin, moving feebly and awkwardly, kept telling his orderly to "refill my pipe for that one!" and then, scattering sparks from it, ran forward shading his eyes with his small hand to look at the French.
Now, with one brilliant exception - the story of the swimming-match, which is felicitously introduced and finely told - these retrospective passages are brought in more or less awkwardly, interrupt inconveniently the course of the narrative, and are too condensed and allusive in style to make any strong poetic impression.
If you ever find yourself shifting awkwardly or struggling to find a relaxed position while playing games with the kids, you may find your solution in a large floor pillow.
I'd be standing, rather awkwardly as is my way, and someone would politely inquire as to what denomination I was.
The earlier of the two volumes on Natural Theology relies on the cosmological argument; the later - obviously an afterthought - tries to vindicate the ontological argument as an alternative basis for theism, but awkwardly and with manifest uneasiness.
Medium length coats, or those that hit right above the knee, can work on women of all heights, but be aware that it's a good idea to try it on before purchasing it to ensure that it doesn't cut you off awkwardly.
Splints can provide support, help you avoid bending the hands and wrists awkwardly and reduce the chance of crimping any nerves.
For example, you may be able to see and comfortably read all of the text on a page, but images could be awkwardly placed or you could have a little trouble finding the links you need to click on from a main page.
Either another towel needed to be used to wrap around the child's damp head, or a bathrobe had to be brought, or the beach towel needed to be wrapped awkwardly and everyone just hoped for the best.
With any body type, remember that wearing a bikini that is too small will cause indentations in the skin, making pants, skirts and dresses fit awkwardly around the problem areas.
The sides of the atrium are unfortunately occupied by plain ungainly buildings five storeys in height, awkwardly accommodating themselves to the upward slope of the ground.
