
Farther back beyond the dark trees a roof glittered with dew, to the right was a leafy tree with brilliantly white trunk and branches, and above it shone the moon, nearly at its full, in a pale, almost starless, spring sky.
The earth seemed benumbed by his icy touch, and the very spirits of the trees had withdrawn to their roots, and there, curled up in the dark, lay fast asleep.
She couldn't see his facial expression in the dark, so it was hard to tell if he was teasing her or not.
She glanced around the room again and did a double take when she saw the man in a dark brown suit.
Above Pierre's head some pigeons, disturbed by the movement he had made in sitting up, fluttered under the dark roof of the penthouse.
One fair-haired young soldier of the third company, whom Prince Andrew knew and who had a strap round the calf of one leg, crossed himself, stepped back to get a good run, and plunged into the water; another, a dark noncommissioned officer who was always shaggy, stood up to his waist in the water joyfully wriggling his muscular figure and snorted with satisfaction as he poured the water over his head with hands blackened to the wrists.
It ran into a narrow cleft which he had not seen before, and then through a long, dark passage which was barely large enough for a man's body.
Though it is now dark, the wind still blows and roars in the wood, the waves still dash, and some creatures lull the rest with their notes.
A part of her might never forgive him for what he did... and that was a dark part of her personality that she didn't want him to see.
The table and chairs were made of a dark rich wood, and the tiles on the floor looked like polished bricks.
The left side of the forest was dark in the shade, the right side glittered in the sunlight, wet and shiny and scarcely swayed by the breeze.
Her gaze tried to outrun the headlights and then followed the broken line on the highway as it leaped from the dark and shot forward, disappearing under the truck.
If you use the right colors, and brighten the walls with a few large pictures, or some mirrors, it wouldn't be so dark.
If we could convince him to give you free rein to helping us with him remaining totally in the dark, we'd both have what we want.
As a kid I was afraid of the dark and now that I'm all grown up, I don't much like being kept in the dark either.
Grasso no longer hid the knife he carried in his right hand as they moved nearly out of range to a dark, windowless van.
The man was in his prime with silver hair and dark eyes, a handsome face, and a body as muscular as Talon's.
Her eyes cracked open, and she was startled to see a petite blonde woman in dark jeans standing between them.
There was right and wrong, good and evil, and every human but the woman before him had fallen for some temptation of the dark side.
She shook out the sexual energy running through her and turned on a light, not wanting to be alone in the dark while the dead man in her thoughts began to sob once more.
Inside was the most beautiful gown she'd ever seen in a mysterious shade of dark blue sprinkled with silver sequins.
He sensed the visions in her head, not surprised to see his own black memories playing on the screens on the back of her eyelids along with a dark nightmare of a man in a corner crying.
He'd known love and trust only in the earliest stage of his life, when he had a family before he entered the dark age of his people.
He spent the night deep in thought, forcing himself to face the dark memories he'd tried so hard to bury.
She saw glimpses of his shared history with Damian and Dustin and of a time before meeting them that was too dark for her to see clearly.
She'd seen the dark side of Dusty in his home videos in the library before she told Damian about Claire.
If there was a way to make him see what was in her head … to make him remember … she focused on Damian's memories, the ones before the dark age, when he and his brother were happy.
Darian held his head, and she wrapped her arms around him, wishing she could protect him from the dark memories breaking free.
A hand swept the dark memories from her mind, and she sagged against Darian, feeling the same sense of peace overtake his mind.
She approached the window, amazed at the snow, until her gaze fell to a figure kneeling like a dark gargoyle in the middle of the white lawn.
She hadn't seen her new mate, Darkyn – the Dark One – since he drank his fill of her hours before and left.
He was on the Council until shortly after I died-dead, after which he betrayed the Immortals to work for the Dark One, Darkyn's predecessor.
She watched the battle with the Dark One – the one Darkyn lost – and saw him banished to the bowels of Hell.
He fought his way from a lowly demon to the position of Demon Lord and finally defeated the Dark One.
The strange calm she felt around Zamon remained, and she recalled more clearly Darkyn's words about how the original Dark One lured in his prey.
She possessed a head of coal black hair, tied in a single braid that extended below her waist, dark eyes, and a smile that lit up the room.
Knowing the most powerful creature – one the Dark One himself exiled at one point for his ruthlessness – had taken over Hell was another matter entirely.
I dreamed that I was walking in the dark and was suddenly surrounded by dogs, but I went on undismayed.
It was already dark, and Pierre could not make out whether the expression of Prince Andrew's face was angry or tender.
Steakhouse offers a quaint art-deco setting, decorated with dark hardwood furniture, comfy leather chairs and a touch of brass accents.
He looked at the slight Natural with dark hair and eyes who happened to have a doctorate in every type of science he could name.
The night was moonless and the dark covered them like a cloak the deeper they descended into the blackness of the gorge.
Fred looked down at the table, pretending it wasn't his turn, as he wrapped a chicken leg in a piece of dark bread.
He split us up, in the dark, until we were so scared we'd do anything to get out of there.
He listened, though, curious what kind of deal human-Deidre had made with the only goddess to ever outsmart the Dark One and Immortal Laws.
The creature that refused to bow down to the Dark One was not going to allow itself to become blood-dependent upon a mate of human origin.
The Dark One that ruled Hell since the time-before-time had fallen to a ruthless demon lord whose goal had long been to take over the mortal realm.
The thought of the Dark One reminded Gabriel that he lost three death-dealers to him in the course of a week, not to mention the deal Deidre made.
Deidre made a deal with the Dark One, one good enough to bring her soul back from the dead, combine the two Deidres, cure the tumor of one and release the final product from Hell.
His dark eyes went from her to Cora, and he lifted his chin in silent command to dismiss the death dealer.
The mating laws from the time-before-time were absolute, but what if Darkyn and Gabriel made their own private deal to return the human Gabriel loved and abandon past-Death to the hands of the Dark One?
He didn't think he could do much worse, but the fact the Dark One held the key to something he might need to know was not promising.
He didn't give her the reassurance she sought about whether or not they had a real future together, and she brokered a deal with the Dark One in a desperate attempt to ensure she had a chance with Gabriel.
Gabriel could move forward, try to win over the woman who seemed much more interested in him than she had a few days ago, before her deal with the Dark One.
He'd cave to Andre's advice and double-check with Darkyn about whether or not his mate owed the Dark One anything – formally or informally.
He also wasn't going to let the Dark One hurt or threaten or even talk to his mate ever again.
On a mission to ensure there was a clean slate between his mate and Darkyn, Gabriel waited in the middle of Deidre's old apartment for the Dark One to arrive.
Her eyes settled on a form across the street, so still and dark he would've been a shadow if not for his presence beneath a street lamp.
As much as they hate me for aligning with the Dark One, they hate you more for our father's death, Sasha had told him smugly more than once.
It was true, and only Andre supported his petition to be recognized as one of the seven sons charged by their father with protecting humanity against the Dark One.
True to his word, they drove less than two blocks before he entered a public parking garage and drove to the bottommost floor and parked in a dark corner with yellow no- parking lines.
He was muscular and tall, clothed in dark jeans, a snug grey T-shirt that hugged his biceps and stretched across his chest and back and then sagged at his slender torso and hips, and a round black medallion that fell from his T-shirt as he leaned over her.
There were dark circles beneath her light eyes, her hair was in a half-assed lumpy ponytail, and her face was so pale and drawn, she looked ill.
At last he moved around the desk to a dark corner and withdrew a crystal carafe from a locked cabinet.
Their turf wars and battle against the Dark One --and now Sasha --had stirred up some of the bloodiest wars in mankind's history.
The room was dark, the floor-to-ceiling windows displaying the incredible views of the Eiffel Tower, whose frame was outlined by lights against the dark Parisian sky She was about to step onto the balcony when a knock at the door drew her attention.
In the distance was a dark swath of park leading up to the lit-up Eiffel Tower, which was larger than she'd imagined.
She saw dark figures jump from the top of the building across from her to the ground, unaffected by what seemed like a thirty-story drop.
He'd long since stopped trying to escape, knowing the magic of Hell and the Dark One was too old for him to break.
He guided her through the fog, and they emerged in a dark room with the light of streetlamps filtering through two windows across what looked another hotel room.
She was the first Ancient's mate born and should've been Kris's mate, if she hadn't first promised herself to the Dark One.
He wore all black, though he was dressed more simply than she'd seen him, in dark jeans and a black long-sleeved T-shirt and heavy boots.
The room was warm and cozy, its walls done up in dark lacquered wood, the warm glow of chandeliers non- imposing.
There were wide eighteenth- century ball gowns, women in little black dresses, one in a fifties poodle skirt, and several in dark dresses with ornate brocade on the bodice, like that of wealthy Middle Age royalty.
He had to protect her from Sasha and the Dark One; he had to protect her from Kris and his people.
The fire had died down, and someone had turned off the light to her bathroom, rendering the room completely dark.
The courtyard bordered a small grassy park off which several trails ran from the grassy area into the still dark woods.
Rhyn snorted and faced Sasha, the brother charged with governing Australia, and the first to abandon the Council in favor of serving the Dark One.
She left him alone in the dark with his thoughts, and he began to understand more how his friend Rhyn felt in a world that was pitted against him.
He.d miss the smell and sight of his homeland and yearned already to stay here rather than return to his dark corner of the Immortal underworld!
He tried not to think of that sad time, instead blinking away dark memories and focusing on the snow at his feet.
Dressed all in black with his dark eyes and hair, he looked like a living shadow in the snow-covered world.
The regret in his dark eyes made her want to beg him not to kill her and comfort him for the pain he'd surely feel hurting his own friend.
Darkyn, the most powerful of all demons, wouldn.t have returned from the pits of Hell, where the Dark One banished him to lead the army to the Immortals. front door and wipe out the Council.
Recently, he.d begun thinking he.d need more if he were taking on demons, Immortals, and anything else the Dark One would throw at him.
The forest is full of demons out for Sasha.s head, and the Dark One may be sending more of its creatures.
One of the portals glowed in response, and he strode through it, stepping into a world as sunny as Gabriel.s was dark.
He preferred this idea, except that it would mean he.d be defending her from Dark One.s minions and demons every minute of the rest of their lives together.
I will speak to Sasha to determine what it is he stole, and if it is rightfully owned by the Dark One, which it must be in order for you to reclaim it.
Hannah saw nothing but the gilded world around her; she had no idea about the dark underside to the Immortal world.
She looked like Lilith, the woman Rhyn killed when he discovered she.d plotted with the Dark One to kill the Council.
It took all her strength to shove the hefty door wide enough for her to enter the dark chamber beyond that was lit by a single torch.
She was a plant by the Dark One who lured you and probably the rest of your brothers into bed.
It was an understanding as old as the Dark One, who had stopped his demons once before when they launched attacks on humans.
A familiar shape in the dark corner of the cafeteria caught his attention as he passed, and he paused to raise a hand in greeting.
Her heart slowed, and she stepped back, imagining the Immortal fighting off some demon that had stayed hidden until dark.
Evelyn stood in the dark grey room of the spaceship with its cozy, dim lighting and the soft purr of hidden machines.
She didn't really care what the dark grey walls, floors, and ceilings were made of or why the floor felt like carpet and looked like gun metal.
She tucked the creature in her hands under one arm and left the small room for a long corridor in similar dark grey which glowed more brightly from indistinguishable light sources.
She sat very still on the dark grey bed, her legs folded and hands in her lap, and stared at Evelyn.
On the seventh morning-- if there were such a thing in space-- she lay in bed and stared at the dark grey ceiling.
The man beside her had dark blond hair, serious brown eyes in a chiseled face, and a form as fit as his son's.
His skin was darker, the color of honey as opposed to alabaster, his eyes a rich, dark brown, and his features lacking the delicate, chiseled beauty of Romas's family.
Long, dark hair was held in place at the base of his neck by a thick band of rose gold.
She was about to walk away in defeat and take her place in a dark corner watching the partygoers when she heard the sounds of approaching footsteps.
They broke free of the house into the dark night on a side of the house far from the light and merriment of the party.
The night was clear and cool, the sky a beautiful pageant of dark blue silk and brilliant stars, of streaking meteors and two glowing orbs.
The dual moons seemed to hover somewhere in the middle of the air of a massive chasm, just like the dozen or so hulking spaceships, whose dark grey skins reflected like skins of massive grey whales in the moonlight.
She was delicate, with long hair as dark as the night sky and large eyes that turned from blue to green to grey.
Two of his sisters were waiting, composed and serene in their dark clothing with hands clasped in front of them.
Unlike the cheerful white walls of the house, the tall wall was the unwelcome shade of dark grey that she'd begun to despise after days in the spaceships surrounded by it.
The game consisted almost entirely of strategy, and it was dark outside before she realized how long she'd been at it.
Dressed in dark clothes with dark hair and olive skin with a dark stare, he was both riveting and frightening.
His chest was wide and sprinkled with dark hairs that trailed his ridged belly and disappeared into the dark pants.
The men around her broke away, the two with dark hair joining A'Ran's opponent while the alabaster giant joined Ne'Rin.
What dark secret had he been holding from her that he would be forced to reveal if he knew how she felt about children?
A dark form moved at the edge of the tree line and when she shined the flashlight in that direction, the light reflected off more than one pair of eyes.
His dark gaze returned to the box, and he reached up to the earpiece as he moved away from the others.
Brady turned in the direction indicated and yanked open the door to a dark room with a glowing red floor.
He glared at her, then unbuttoned his tac gear, pulling his arms free and pushing it down to his waist to reveal the dark T-shirt beneath.
He tossed the baton and approached her, glaring down at her with dark eyes as hard as his chiseled frame.
She watched dark shapes mill and drop as the smoke cleared until they wised up and took refuge in the forest.
Stepping onto the ledge outside, Lana heard the sounds of gun and laser fire too close for her comfort, along with the beat of helicopters in the dark skies.
Lights from lasers and muzzle fire spotted the forest below them before they reached an urban area, mostly dark with several patches of electricity.
When Kelli woke her, the warehouse was dark, except for the low light of lanterns like the one dangling from the ceiling into Lana's room.
She'd turned from the sweet, open Angel who kept him company on dark nights to a stranger who wanted nothing to do with him.
It was still dark, and the moons of the underworld hadn't moved far across the sky.  He sat, uneasy with the dream exchange with Death.  A small fire burned between him and Katie, whose pale features and shadowed eyes were showing the effects of both her pregnancy and the toll the underworld took on mortals.
Kris had opened it near the cliff.  On the other side of the world from the Caribbean Sanctuary, the French Alps were dark and cold, and it was sleeting.
It was dark.  The dual moons of the underworld were high overhead, another sign she hadn't slept more than an hour or two.  The trees overhead hissed as the branches moved like snakes in a soft breeze.  Gabriel held out a hand and pulled her up, silent despite his size and small armory of weapons.
She stared at the dark features and glowing turquoise eyes of the eldest of Rhyn's brothers, who had died weeks before.
Rhyn crept carefully through the demon scouts positioned throughout the forest surrounding the castle.  The demons wore the Dark One's uniform of all black with waterproof cloaks and hoods.  The demon side of him rendered his presence similar enough to a full-demon's that the others wouldn't be alarmed.  He sized up each demon he passed, until he found one who appeared to be his size.  The creature didn't hear his soft step, and the snapping of the demon's neck was the only other sound in the falling rain.
The forest was growing dark when he reached the tree to find the angel sitting in front of a dead fire, shaking with cold.
You don't bring something food and clothing if you don't care if it dies.  If you want it – Toby - to live, come to the castle this evening after dark falls.  We have matters to discuss.  Bring Kris.  If you want the angel to die then stay right here.
His long time friend, the assassin, was bloodied and unconscious.  The demons tossed Gabriel's body into a dark cell two down from Ully's before they left.
Gabriel's furious curse made Toby jump.  Toby looked his direction the best he could through the bars of his cell and saw the walls around the dark cell shake.
Hannah's pretty eyes grew dark.  Kris kissed her on the forehead, not wanting his mate to worry, even if he didn't know what would happen once he and Kiki left for the underworld.
Rhyn left the cell block to Toby's protests and walked with Gabe through the antechamber and into the hallway on the other side.  Gabe's gaze was dark, his air brooding.  Rhyn opened a portal, and they crossed through to Gabe's cabin in the underworld.
Toby clutched it and twisted in the branch's grip, until he could see the dark storm clouds moving slowly across the sky.
Toby shook his head and started forward again, wondering when Ully had lost his sense of humor.  He led them in the direction where he sensed Katie, until night and clouds rendered the jungle too dark.
The woman looked human enough.  Her features were hard to make out in the dark, but she at least had two arms and two legs.
Hannah looked down at it then at him.  Her blue eyes had turned dark, and Kris shook the hair off his hands.  He tried to smile reassuringly.
Kris looked at him, anger building.  The muscular half-demon was bleeding from a wound in his chest.  His dark eyes glowed like a demon's, though his face was still that of an Immortal.
Katie rolled onto her stomach, almost too tired to get up.  The sky and jungle were growing dark.  Through the bramble, she saw the marble palace.  Death's palace.  Katie's heart beat harder as she looked at her destination, not at all certain this was where she should've gone but not knowing where else to go.
Rhyn stopped in place.  He'd never thought he'd hear her voice again, and he couldn't remember the last time he'd heard anything that stopped his world in place.  He turned to see Katie supporting Hannah as they entered the Sanctuary courtyard.  Katie wore simple jeans and a t-shirt.  Her dark curls cascaded down her shoulders, and her face glowed.  Her bright eyes locked on his.  She stopped too far away for his comfort, struggling to support her sister.
He hesitated and then held out a hand.  She took it.  His warm hands were rough and large.  He squeezed hers.  He led her away from the courtyard and lights into the dark night.  They walked hand in hand for a few moments, alone under the full moon.  She'd walked with him before, but this night, it was different.  She felt the shift between them.
I know you don't go for a midnight swim on a dark beach by yourself, especially in the Chesapeake Bay.
It was dark by the time Dean reached the town and maneuvered his way through the familiar streets to  Collingswood Avenue.
As Dean lay in the dark, he absentminded­ly wondered if Ethel always wore "Thursday" when he came to call.
The guy exud­ed confidence to the point where Dean felt as if he had just dropped a plateful of mashed potatoes in his lap while this tall, dark stranger was toasting the queen.
She looked him in the eye, silhouetted in the glow from beneath the door, the only light in the nearly dark room, and began to undo his belt.
The weather remained ominous with dark clouds rolling in, pushed by an ever-increasing wind that churned the sky in threatening waves.
After once again setting up Dean's tent, this time in the dark, Fred suggested they go someplace quiet and talk.
In time the trees began to thin and patches of old snow appeared in ever increasing numbers, tucked in dark crevices, left over from winter storms of months long past.
