
The knowledge of the presence of the parasite adversely affects nervous people and may lead to mental depression and hypochondria.
Expensive medications producing side effects that adversely affect the child's health and quality of life are necessary to manage allergy symptoms.
Children who have speech disorders may not want to communicate with their peers or even adults which may adversely affect their performance in school and social development.
In order to qualify for special education a child must be diagnosed as having a disability and the disability must be found to "adversely affect educational performance" so as to require special services.
In general, unemployment affects all corners of the globe at the same time to some degree, for everyone lives in a "global economy" wherein the inability to spend and stimulate growth in one nation adversely affects another.
Reverse mortgage income can adversely affect need-based income, and there may be less to leave your heirs after the sale of your home.
In some cases, if the cancer is simply near the reproductive organs or if cancer treatment encompasses the whole body, fertility could be adversely affected from radiation and chemotherapy.
Do not put the Pillow Pet™ into a clothes dryer as it may adversely affect the interior plush materials or deteriorate the toy's soft covering.
Persons with compromised immune systems may use the devices to purify their surroundings by eliminating disease-causing bacteria and other impurities from the air that may adversely affect their health.
Coeliac disease also adversely affects your body's ability to absorb fat, resulting in stools containing oil or high amounts of fat.
Vitamin B injection side effects can be very serious and the supplement can interact adversely with medications as well as other supplements.
In addition, the blood thinning compound present in cinnamon may adversely affect those already taking a blood thinning medication like Coumadin or aspirin.
The completion in  of the line connecting Salisbury with Cape Town adversely affected the port of Beira, the long railway route from the Cape being increasingly employed by travellers to and from Mashonaland.
Nay, it would even be found that the habit of philosophical reflection often operated adversely to the attainment of this end, by developing the thinker's selfconsciousness, so as to disturb that normal relation to external objects on which the zest of ordinary enjoyment depends.
Industrial interests alone benefited, and imported more raw materials, chemicals, and coal and coke, which naturally influenced the exchanges adversely.
The fourth quarter downturn in  adversely affected the spring order book and consequently our expectations for the first half of the year.
Regulation ()(b) gives water undertakers the discretion to decide which products would not adversely affect the quality of drinking water.
The fall of the Right on the th of March  was an event destined profoundly and in many respects adversely to affect the course of Italian history.
On the other hand, if the exception be taken to exclude all questions which, when decided adversely to a state, impose a restraint on its freedom of action, then the exception would seem to exclude such a question as the true interpretation of an ambiguous treaty, a subject with which experience shows international arbitration is well fitted to deal.
Even before the fall of Delhi, Canning had been adversely criticized - "Clemency Canning" he was scornfully called - for announcing his intention to discriminate between the guilt of various classes of mutineers.
Make sure you are using a no dust cat litter for her and consider if there are any chemicals that might be adversely affecting the cat.
Flea treatment medications that contain Insect Growth Regulators (IGRs) or Insect Development Inhibitors (IDIs) act only on the insect and will not adversely affect the cat.
By using a monitoring service, you can watch for fraudulent activity or mistakes that might adversely affect you through no fault of your own.
This modern interpretation of individual freedom has adversely affected the old family philosophy that people are all in this game of life together, and the only way to win is through tolerance and compromise.
Additionally, the life cycles of fish and other marine life are adversely affected since there are many species that depend on cold water in order to reproduce and grow.
Soil contamination, which is the addition of man made chemicals or other contaminants to the natural soil environment, is another issue that affects the environment adversely.
Such mixes may lead diabetics to believe it's safe to use agave when in fact it can adversely impact their blood glucose levels.
Adversely, if your oil is too hot when you put the meat in, you're going to wind up with smoke and charred beef.
If anger is adversely affecting your life and your relationships, it may be time to check out what treatment options you have at one of the many anger management facilities specializing in this type of therapy.
Families Anonymous aims to help those who blame themselves or whose lives are being adversely affected by someone near them who has an addiction.
While some people aren't completely physically dependent on alcohol, they may still be abusers of alcohol and adversely affect their loved ones.
All shutters have the ability to operate from indoors, and they do not adversely affect the functionality of the windows or doors.
Additionally, it has been shown that these lenses may also adversely react with liquid crystal displays, or LCDs, found in the dashboards of some cars.
It was feared that the removal of this powerful deterrent would adversely affect discipline, but on the contrary, the yearly average of prison offences has diminished from  to  per thousand prisoners, and it has been felt by the authorities that the limitation was salutary and wise.
In  a committee of the General Assembly of that Church reported on them so adversely that Smith demanded a formal trial, in the course of which he defended himself with consummate ability and eloquence.
The depression was accentuated by the financial crisis in America, which affected adversely the wool trade, and in a more marked degree the diamond trade, leading to the partial stoppage of the Kimberley mines.
The Anglo-Boer War (-) caused both revenue and expenditure to rise abnormally, while the depression in trade which followed the war adversely affected the exchequer.
They understood giving any credibility to a hint of the existence of a psychic tipster adversely affected their ultimate chance for a conviction.
But here too the weather and the state of the roads operated adversely, for Ney came up too late, while Davout, in the full tide of his victorious advance, was checked by the arrival of Lestocq, whose corps Ney had failed to intercept, Campaign Of  In Poland And Prussia Scale.
The last of these propositions is adversely criticized by P. Mantegazza as a truism, but it may be allowed to stand with the qualification that we are ignorant concerning the nature of the influence called " nerve-force."
The effect of these revelations was profound not only politically, but also economically; the important export trade in Danish butter, especially, was adversely affected, as Herr Alberti had been interested in numerous dairy companies.
Whilst some, like Voltaire and the Physiocrats, representatives of the privileged classes and careless of political rights, wished to make use of the omnipotence of the prince to accomplish desirable reforms, or, like Montesquieu, adversely criticized despotism and extolled moderate governments, other, plebeiaris like Rousseau, proclaimed the theory of the social contract and the sovereignty of the people.
The true patron can, however, exercise his right to present at the next vacancy, and can reserve the advowson from an usurper at any time within three successive incumbencies so created adversely to his right, or within sixty years.
