
The fresh morning air blew gently in my face, as if to welcome me, and be my merry playmate, and the sun looked at me with a warm and tender smile.
The latter, a fresh, rosy officer of the Guards, irreproachably washed, brushed, and buttoned, held his pipe in the middle of his mouth and with red lips gently inhaled the smoke, letting it escape from his handsome mouth in rings.
Though I passed over it as gently as possible, the slight undulations produced by my boat extended almost as far as I could see, and gave a ribbed appearance to the reflections.
She bit his neck gently, not wanting to hurt him despite the strange dream and hunger in her body screaming to be filled.
He slid an arm under her and gently took her hand in his, planting a warm moist kiss in the center of the palm.
Instead, she watched a man many, many times her strength gently clean the blood from her arm in unhurried, methodical strokes.
Her mate hesitated then lowered his head, nudging her gently in return in a sign that he wasn't too angry with her.
He lifted Destiny from the rug in her room where she had fallen asleep and gently placed her in her bed.
The latter raises the moss and bark gently with his knife in search of insects; the former lays open logs to their core with his axe, and moss and bark fly far and wide.
The arms that rescued her continued to cradle her gently, and what the fall had failed to do to her heart beat, his close proximity completed.
Can't you do it more gently? said the Emperor apparently suffering more than the dying soldier, and he rode away.
Nudge him with your heals to get him started and pull gently on the reins when you want him to stop.
Nestling gently into the pine clad hillside this very charming stone clad hillside this very charming stone clad country cottage is an absolute delight.
Each night  or  people gathered in the cathedral choir stalls to sing compline gently to round off a very full day.
If any of the vapour-permeable film dressings are used, the backing sheet should be removed and the dressing gently placed over the wound.
D. Use the sterilized forceps to transfer, gently, one of each type of disk provided on to the agar surface.
When her toilet for the night was finished she sank gently onto the sheet spread over the hay on the side nearest the door.
Minerals such as zinc, iron oxides, ultramarine, titanium oxide, bismuth oxychloride and mica are all finely ground into a powder that is gently dusted onto the face with a makeup brush.
You can apply these types of foundations by gently misting over the face in circular motions, taking care to start out with light coverage and then adding more product where needed to conceal redness or imperfections.
The gently sloping gardens - not suitable for the elderly or toddlers, include a copse, lawns, flower meadow and formal gardens.
If it has been, a probe covered with soft cotton wool is used to gently dry out the ear canal.
With its gently shelving beaches and a warm air currents, the Algarve has drawn visitors to its sun-drenched shores for years.
Linger to see the moonlight scattered through the temple ruins, or rise early for the gently awakening dawn over the acropolis.
When I'm satisfied, I very gently rub the inside of each tine to remove the dross from the grinding of the outside.
I was even entrusted with the car of my own intestines which I gently held to prevent them slipping off the table.
Leaving the courtyard up a flight of steps, there is a ram's head fountain spilling water gently between branches of variegated euonymus.
Among the exercises that can help is making a tepee with your hands by gently pressing fingertips of each hand against each other.
Now by gently freeze-drying fresh garlic it is possible to present a high potency garlic concentrate intact with its active components.
If this is indicated, the doctor may choose gently to examine the genitalia, but he will tell the patient first.
To remove general grime from old prints, take the dough from some fresh bread and roll gently over the surface of the print.
Restaurants catering for every taste line the picturesque harbor where the masts of traditional wooden gullets sway gently in the breeze.
Put the crochet hook or latch tool under the strand between the edge st and the next st and pull gently.
Gently warm the gin or brandy in a large ladle or small pan and ignite, pouring over pan juices and stirring gently.
Go through a gate and follow the track as it winds gently left through open fell, with scattered mature larch.
Whip the cream until it just holds its shape, then gently fold in the strawberries and their juices and the crushed meringues.
Sift in the flour and baking powder, then gently fold into the eggs before adding to the nut and spice mixture.
In Russia and South Africa, gently deposited mudstones and limestones suddenly give way to massive dumps of pebbles and boulders.
Gently sloping site sheltered by woodland & surrounded by  acres parkland... Click here or on Garden Name above for more.
And in the way only He can, He gently rebuked our lack of faith and began to open what we had closed.
Remove the ribbon cable from the laser unit to the board by gently pulling the ribbon cable from the laser unit to the board by gently pulling the ribbon straight up.
Numbers have not grown as fast in Clifton as elsewhere as they seem to prefer gently sloping corrugated industrial roofing to chimney pots.
Host Jon Stewart's monolog was gently satirical without ever straying into controversy, while the various winners seemed at pains to behave themselves.
If you are using bacon rather than Spanish chorizo sausage, gently fry the bacon in the pan until cooked through.
But he gently scolded her asking if she did not realize that this would be where he was to be found.
Birds twitter gently in the background as Iain quite literally tries to charm them from the trees with his sweetest serenade.
The headland is a sill, mainly composed of dolerite which was intruded horizontally during the Tertiary into gently dipping lower carboniferous shales.
Down at the waterfront, our qualified watersports instructors will help you windsurf, waterski or sail from the gently shelving shore.
Exmouth has a mainly flat access from the town to the beach and nearly all the footpaths have gently slopped kerbs.
I'm driving into gently falling snowflakes that are drifting slowly toward me, emerging from gray gloom into the brightness of my headlights.
You apply different colored medicinal chakra muds to specific areas of your bodies whilst you gently inhale steam infused with pure herbs.
Now you can either remove soil or add soil as required to level the area before gently tamping the turf back into place.
In some places, usually on the edge of the moor the walls can be seen to gently taper toward a gate.
After the benediction was pronounced a good woman present gently asked the presiding minister if we could still tarry there.
Click for Mini Plasma Ball larger image You can actually " feel " the energy as the light gently tickles your fingertips.
The cams and spur wheel should be securely attached to the shaft, the grub screws being gently tightened as necessary.
The pace of the many short scenes doesn't allow for the story and more importantly the characters to gently unfold.
In early January its curled petals gently unfurl in shades of dark orange, filling the cold air with beautiful scent.
Soft as a feather, the almost transparent black voile floats gently to the ground when tossed with unbridled passion into the air!
At the moment she is curled up on the floor of the bedroom, being gently wafted by the breeze of our fan!
Gently touching on themes of racism and ethnic cleansing, Untold Legends tells the tale of a kingdom overtaken by a monstrous warlord.
The PC is now gently whirring beneath the desk, with the graphics card tightly wrapped in a hot metal sandwich!
A depression when of great extent is termed a " basin," when it is of a more or less round form with approximatelyequal diameters, a " trough " when it is wide and elongated with gently sloping borders, and a " trench " when narrow and elongated with steeply sloping borders, one of which rises higher than the other.
On the gently sloping margin of the estuary of a great river a view of tranquil inland life was equally presented to the shore-dweller, and the ocean did not present the only prospect of a career.
Host Jon Stewart 's monolog was gently satirical without ever straying into controversy, while the various winners seemed at pains to behave themselves.
The washing facilities and toilets were housed in an open-air block of large cubicles enclosed by a very Seventies gently curving concrete wall.
The headland is a sill, mainly composed of dolerite which was intruded horizontally during the Tertiary into gently dipping lower Carboniferous shales.
Mellieha Bay has a wonderful sweep of clean, gently shelving sand which benefits from the shelter of a sunny headland.
I 'm driving into gently falling snowflakes that are drifting slowly toward me, emerging from gray gloom into the brightness of my headlights.
Dried spaghetti can be cut accurately by rolling it gently under a scalpel blade to score it, and then snapping.
Then we turn toward the coast, driving through the gently undulating Borders scenery to the small coastal town of Bamburgh.
The pace of the many short scenes does n't allow for the story and more importantly the characters to gently unfold.
If your rabbit urinates on the floor, say " No " firmly but without shouting and gently put your bunny in his tray.
Coin cleaning machines used in conjunction with special cleaning fluids enhance the properties of the cleaning fluids by gently vibrating the coins.
Soft as a feather, the almost transparent black voile floats gently to the ground when tossed with unbridled passion into the air !
At the moment she is curled up on the floor of the bedroom, being gently wafted by the breeze of our fan !
At the end of the recording you will be gently brought back to full waking consciousness with a combination of suggestion and music.
Memory foam gently molds to your body 's own individual shape, weight, and temperatures so you get weightless, pressure-free comfort.
The PC is now gently whirring beneath the desk, with the graphics card tightly wrapped in a hot metal sandwich !
The white, sandy beach that slopes gently into the turquoise blue water is considered to be one of the finest on the island.
If she continues to get out of her crib, lead her gently but firmly back to her bed and tell her she must stay there till the morning.
Because baby items are often very gently used, and many are just like new without the new prices, you may be able to find some great bargain items for your child's room.
In some cases, people give away items for free, while others may offer to trade gently used clothing and supplies for other baby stuff.
Because Little Tykes products seem to last forever, you may be able to find a gently used bed at consignment shops, consignment sales or at an online auction site like eBay or in the classified section of your newspaper.
In addition, you can often find gently used baby items at consignment stores, yard sales, and in the classified section of your local newspaper.
You can often find gently used bras online at sites like eBay, or you may be able to find a gently used nursing bra in the size you need at local consignment sales.
Can you adjust the water temperature and the spinning speed to wash delicate clothing gently and heavily soiled clothing vigorously?
Gently apply the eyeshadow-be careful not to smear it on thickly, as this will make it harder to remove for when you go to try on different colors.
Those who are interested in reducing their impact on the planet sometimes prefer to buy things that have been gently used, as opposed to new products.
While the emphasis is on motorcycles, the dealership typically has a number of top-quality scooters that have been gently used and are looking for a new home.
If the peaceful little kitten in your lap suddenly decides to grab your hand and begin gnawing on it, gently set him on the floor and quit giving him any attention.
If you hold the paw between your thumb and forefinger and gently press on a toe, this forces the retracted claw to extend.
You need to start at one end of your cat, and slowly work your way through the entire coat, gently teasing out the matted hair as you go.
Whether you're bringing home a new baby, a puppy or another kitten, all introductions should be made slowly and gently to give your senior pet time to adjust.
She also sleeps strangely; she has started sleeping on the arm of the sofa with her head pressed into the cushion while snoring gently.
Sitting on a couch where you can hold the baby and the let the cat gently investigate him/her is a good place to begin your introduction.
This is sometimes easier if you remove both the top and bottom of the can, and gently push the contents out.
In the natural world, the mother cat uses her tongue to massage and clean her kittens; you can mimic this by using a rag to gently stroke the body of the kitten.
You can provide this by gently holding your kitten when she wishes to be in your lap, petting her or playing with her every day.
While you can use the back of a spoon to gently crush the mint leaves, it's worth it to invest in a muddler, especially if you plan to make juleps often.
Add rum, sugar and lime juice and gently crush the mixture with a wooden spoon or mallet to release the flavor of the mint leaves.
You generally only need to rinse it thoroughly with clean water to wash away dirt and grime, but can be cleaned gently with a soft sponge and mild soapy water.
Taper off your caffeine intake gently; it's a drug that can cause withdrawal side effects such as severe headache if you stop it cold turkey.
Scented candles are a great choice for giving your bedroom that "spa retreat" feel you need at the end of a long, hard day, and small water features can bring that peaceful sound of a gently rushing stream indoors to help you unwind.
You can press them in with your thumbs or use a hammer to gently tap them all the way in.
Allow the colors to touch one another gently for a multi-color affect, or leave a space between them and piece multiple clings together for a larger image.
A piece of film resembling clear tape is folded over upper and lower teeth and pressed gently so the teeth are coated with the peroxide substance that is adhered to the back of the "tape."
Just in case she sees her skin becoming oily, she can quickly but gently powder up to keep her face in place.
At this point, the small bit of skin in the intersection between the front and back needles will gently slough off.
Instead, I learned to lightly swipe the blush brush into a very small amount of the bronzer and then gently sweep on my skin.
The makeup artist gently "taps" pigment into the skin with this tool, a practice that allows for the most precise, particular application of color and appropriate depth perception.
Do this by tapping the brush head lightly on its side against the lid, or simply blow on it gently.
Shiseido Very Light Pressed Powder contains an extremely fine texture of cosmetic that gently clings to the skin and yet remains long-lasting.
To keep lips soft, try a lip exfoliator or you can always gently brush your lips with an old toothbrush with a combination of Vaseline and sugar to keep lips soft & kissable.
It took more rubbing than I am comfortable with; I believe the delicate skin around the eyes should be treated gently, and rubbing vigorously just doesn't fit in!
They dip gently into the powder, pick up just the right amount of color and brush over the lid for flawless application.
Your lips should be soft and supple to start with, so be sure to eliminate dryness prior to getting started by scrubbing gently with a toothbrush to gently exfoliate dead skin.
The nourishing formula treats the lips gently and leaves them conditioned for hours, but what really drew me in first was the impressive color selection.
If you're just not into sporting a full red pout throughout the day, yet crave the distinct glamour of the shade, simply apply your red lipstick and gently pucker your lips on a tissue until the color is a transparent wash.
Another option is to check out the versatility of a lip stain, which will gently stain your pout the perfect shade of red without the need of high maintenance application.
Simply dab foundation onto cheeks, the forehead and your nose and blend liberally with the kabuki brush to gently diffuse the skin with lightweight, yet complete coverage.
You can also use an eyeliner here to gently dust the eyes with color, but remember to use a gentle hand; after all, the lips are supposed to be the focus.
If you are not used to working with a lip pencil, draw dots along your lips, then use the liner to gently connect the dots.
For a flawless eyeliner look, gently hold the outer corner of your eye with one finger as you draw on your line with pencil or liquid liner.
Like the MAC Pro Eye Makeup remover, Gently Off also features cucumber extract and rose water to refresh and hydrate.
Consider applying some of the MAC Pro eye makeup remover or Gently Off version to a cotton swab and gently erasing your makeup with small strokes rather than saturating a cotton ball and wiping the entire eye area.
You can do this the most easily and gently by rubbing some baby oil liberally into the skin before washing with soap and water.
I then turned the applicator over so the lightest powder was facing my skin and I gently blended all three colors together.
Park your elbows on a stable surface, look directly into a large mirror and use one hand to gently pull your eyelid taut while drawing with the other.
If the blemish needs re-covered during the day, gently wipe off the old product and reapply rather than layering more cosmetic on the affected area.
To prevent blurry photos, keep your finger on the shutter button while you follow the child in your viewfinder, then instead of popping your finger down on the shutter, gently squeeze the button.
It's best to gently place each piece into the wok individually using a pair of tongs so they don't stick together and to avoid splashing the oil.
Since scrapbookers can be rather fickle and there are new die cutting machines being introduced on a regular basis, it's often possible to buy gently used Cricut machines on eBay.
The exercise could be as simple as gently stretching your neck muscles by slowly rolling your head from side to side or around in a circle.
Yoga is a form of active meditation, and has the added advantage of gently working the body while soothing the mind.
As you gently stare at this object, begin to widen your gaze so that you can see other objects in the room through your peripheral vision, but don't remove your eyes from the original object.
The best way to get started on an exercise program is to gently remind yourself that you don't need to do a lot in order to reap the benefits.
Like the other meditation timers, the soft sound will gently ease you back into your day, while enjoying the sweet scent of your favorite incense.
You may be able to land a gently used or even brand new pair of Sevens at a great price!
Gently used Jessica McClintock dresses are often available by searching current online auction listing under the brand name or by simply typing in prom dresses.
There are also games and a place where you can donate your gently used prom dress to a charity foundation.
If you don't mind wearing a gently used gown, websites like PreOwnedWeddingDresses.com offer plenty of styles for brides who want to save on designer dresses.
Beach dresses should not be heavy or cumbersome; instead, they should skim the body gently and flow softly over a woman's figure.
The purpose is to gently remind the victim that they're not alone in their frustration, that there are other people who are concerned about their welfare and happiness.
If you choose not to use a liner, after each shower you should gently shake your curtain to remove water droplets.
Take it out of the pan by placing a baking sheet or cutting board on one end of the pan and gently upending the cake.
If the fondant appears to be too greasy, knead it gently with confectioners' sugar until it reaches your desired texture.
Gently pick up the cake and place it in the freezer for  to  minutes or until it becomes firm.
After you decided on the icing that you want to use, get your offset palette knife and gently spread a thin layer on your cake.
If you want to have your icing textured, use the icing comb and gently drag it over the icing to add the texture you want.
Place the tip directly on the frosting and gently squeeze the bag so that a small amount of icing comes out of the bag.
For more chocolate options, you can gently melt your chocolate using a Bain Marie and then fill your piping bag with this chocolate.
Whether you are looking for gently used clothing from Gymboree or want to sell some items that your child has outgrown, know that there is a large market for resale with this brand.
Consignment sales - Consignment sales are a great way to find gently used designer clothes for a fraction of the original cost.
Many parents sell new or gently used clothing for reasonable prices in order to turn a slight profit and keep up with their growing children's needs.
Consignment shops-Look for real bargains at consignment shops and sales, where you can often find gently used kids' pajamas at a fraction of the original cost.
If you want just a simple formal dress, however, check out your local department stores and children's specialty shops, and don't overlook consignment shops where you can often find gently used clothing for bargain prices.
Dressy clothing for kids can be quite expensive, but you can save money by purchasing gently used clothing at consignment sales or online auctions such as eBay.
The good news is kids grow fast, which means their clothing is gently used and still in excellent, wearable condition when it is too small.
If nasal and eye discharges are particularly heavy, you can make the animal more comfortable by gently cleaning it away.
The Kong Dental Stick is a ridged tube of rubber that gently scrapes plaque away from his gums and teeth as he works on this chew toy.
For hard-to-reach places, the finger brush slips over your index finger to gently remove plaque and food debris while massaging sensitive gums.
All of this changes sometime in late September, but it happens so gently that you wake up one day, look out your window and the smells belong to a whole new world.
Gently praise your dog with a "good boy" when he walks right by your side so he knows he's doing well.
Starting with the first front foot, lightly mist the hair with your spray bottle and gently brush the hair out one small section at a time as you work your way through the entire leg.
If you find a mat, use the first couple of teeth on the comb to begin gently teasing hairs free from the outermost edge of the mat.
Usually, this involves prying the mouth open, placing the pill on the back of the tongue and gently holding the mouth shut until the dog swallows the pill.
The situation I should choose would be a gently sloping bank, more or less shaded by trees whose roots were allowed to wander freely among the Snowdrops.
Another option is jute cord or twine to gently tie your plants to the poles or cages you have purchased.
These bulbs are gently coaxed into blooming in pots by cooling them for a period of time, then increasing the warmth to mimic springtime.
Place one plant in each pocket and add as much soil as you need to gently but firmly plant the strawberries in each pocket.
Dig a hole as wide and as deep as the pot or container and gently place the plant into the hole.
Once the spring weather warms up and nightly temperatures do not dip below freezing, gently rake off the mulch and discard it.
To keep your Hawaiian silver ID bracelet in the best condition, you need to gently clean away the tarnish with a very soft cotton cloth.Some people advocate cleaning tarnished silver with toothpaste, but this really isn't a very good idea.
In some cases, it's best to soften excessive debris by running the piece under warm water first before gently wiping it with the cloth.
These are typically set in rub over settings which means that they are fitted snugly into a setting of metal which is gently rubbed along the contours of the stone to hold it tight.
At Ebay, Spelling jewelry is sometimes priced less if gently used or priced more than the original retail price if the sellers offers the piece as a celebrity collectible.
Pull both loops tautly to tighten, taking care to adjust the sides by nudging gently (if necessary) in order to ensure that both ends are equal.
A little bit of soap can be used when things are really messy, but just a tiny squirt that amounts to a quarter of a teaspoon or so is all that is needed to gently get baby clean.
You may want to gently push the candies into the frosting a little to make sure that they stick, however.
If you favor baby tees and boy shorts, try a short and flirty satin gown that shows off fabulous cleavage and gently hugs the curves of your body.
One of the best is Knitting Help, which gently and methodically teaches you all the basics, plus a number of advanced techniques and decorative work.
Tops with round or V-necklines may appear much more clean and crisp if a woman's undergarment does a nice job of gently lifting her breasts.
The company's Waist Cincher features a shaping band around the midriff, to gently smooth the stomach and waist, and a soft, comfortable thong.
You can prolong their life by easing them on slowly (although considering their use, you may not be able to control how gently or quickly they come off).
Regular, gently exercise is also believed to be useful, as it releases natural chemicals called endorphins which help cope with pain and discomfort and generally lift mood.
A bit of texturizing adds interest and gives you a fun, gently "messy" look that is very hip and can be styled in a variety of ways.
The forward bend will gently massage the muscles of your lower back and neck as well as help relieve tension.
Parents who observe what they believe to be a seizure while their baby is asleep should try to wake the infant gently.
With their gently curved frame and dark to clear quality graded lenses, is it any wonder why this pair is flying off the shelves?
Put your glasses on and take them off using both hands to grip the temples and push them gently over your ears.
Your next task should be to clean your lenses of any remaining toothpaste, which can be done gently with a wet tissue.
The genuine article will have a specific, high-quality hinge that you should be able to bend gently without distorting or "popping."
Look downward, and with your least dominant hand, you will need to hold back your top eyelid, and with the index or middle finger of your dominant hand you will need to gently slide the lens to the corner of your eye.
