
The handsome Anatole was smilingly talking to a partner on his arm and looked at Natasha as one looks at a wall.
The colonel of the Polish uhlans, a handsome old man, flushed and, fumbling in his speech from excitement, asked the aide-de-camp whether he would be permitted to swim the river with his uhlans instead of seeking a ford.
The men are tall, handsome and well-made, and the women are among the most beautiful in Spain; while the dark complexion and hair of both sexes, and their peculiar dialect of Spanish, so distasteful to pure Castilians, are indisputable evidence of Moorish descent.
It contains a few handsome monuments to its former bishops, but until , when a monument was erected, had nothing to preserve the memory of the illustrious Dr George Berkeley, who held the see from  to .
One of the earliest monuments records the purchase by a king of a large estate for his son, paying a fair market price and adding a handsome honorarium to the many owners in costly garments, plate, and precious articles of furniture.
Notable are the two Roman Catholic churches, beautiful Gothic edifices of the -th century, the Protestant church, and the handsome townhall.
It has a handsome marketplace with a statue of Frederick William III.; and there are extensive suburbs, of which the most important is Miinde.
It has a Protestant and a Roman Catholic church, a handsome town-hall (restored in -), a gymnasium, a provincial prison and a penitentiary.
He built a new and handsome palace at Drogheda, and he repaired the old disused palace at Armagh and bestowed on it a demesne of  acres.
The handsome Roman Catholic cathedral for the diocese of Raphoe occupies a commanding site, and cost a large sum, as it contains carving from Rome, glass from Munich and a pulpit of Irish and Carrara marble.
Of the secular buildings the more interesting are the Palazzo Madama, first erected by William of Montferrat at the close of the th century on the Roman east gate of the town, remains of the towers of which were incorporated in it, and owing its name to the widow of Charles Emmanuel II., who added the west façade and the handsome double flight of steps from Juvara's designs; and the extensive royal palace begun in the th century.
The Cattete palace, on the street of that name, originally a private residence, is now the official residence of the President, richly decorated within and partly surrounded by a handsome park.
Porto Alegre, like many Brazilian cities, is in a transition stage, and handsome new structures of French and Italian styles rise from among the low, heavy and plain old buildings of Portuguese origin.
The most noteworthy public buildings are the Cathedral (Porto Alegre being the see of a Roman Catholic bishop), the handsome church of Nossa Senhora das Dores, the municipal palace, school of engineering, government palace, legislative halls, school of medicine, athenaeum, normal school and public library and military barracks.
There are also theatres, a chamber of commerce, corn exchange, market-hall, custom-house, and the dock offices, a handsome Italian building.
Francesco has a fine thcentury loggia and campanile, and a handsome portal of a chapel in the interior by Constantino Trappola (th century).
Aubrey describes him as "of a very fair, clear sanguine complexion, with a long beard as white as milk - a very handsome man - tall and slender.
The genus Adiantum is a large one containing many handsome species both tropical and temperate, well known in greenhouse and hothouse cultivation.
There are many handsome churches, including St Joseph's (Roman Catholic) and St Paul's (Protestant Episcopal) cathedrals, and Trinity (Protestant Episcopal), the Westminster Presbyterian, the Delaware Avenue Baptist, and the First Presbyterian churches.
Other important libraries, with the approximate number of their books, are the Grosvenor (founded in ), for reference (, volumes and  pamphlets); the John C. Lord, housed in the building of the Historical Society (,); the Law (th judicial district) (,); the Catholic Institute (,); and the library of the Buffalo Historical Society (founded ) (,), now in the handsome building in Delaware Park used as the New York state building during the PanAmerican Exposition of .
The royal palace, built in - by Duke George (and thus - called Georgenschloss), was thoroughly restored, and in some measure rebuilt between  and , in German Renaissance style, and is now an exceedingly handsome structure.
John Ruskin, the author's grandfather, a handsome lad of twenty, ran away with Catherine Tweddale, daughter of the Covenanting minister and of Catherine Adair, then a beautiful girl of sixteen.
The town is for the most part well built, having several wide and handsome streets and a number of spacious squares.
Among the other noteworthy buildings of Freiburg are the palaces of the grand duke and the archbishop, the old town-hall, the theatre, the Kaufhaus or merchants' hall, a th-century building with a handsome façade, the church of St Martin, with a graceful spire restored -, the new town-hall, completed , in Renaissance style, and the Protestant church, formerly the church of the abbey of Thennenbach, removed hither in .
The town has handsome modern public buildings, including the town hall, schools for primary and higher education, hospitals and theatres.
There is, however, a handsome esplanade between the town and the citadel, and a promenade by the seashore towards Castrades.
The church of St Nicholas is a large and handsome structure in various styles of architecture, and consists of nave, chancel and aisles, with a square embattled tower having pinnacles at the angles.
It contains a handsome parish church dedicated to St Martin, a town hall and a castle (Wildeck), built by the Emperor Henry I.
In physique, the Asturians are like the Galicians, a people of hardy mountaineers and fishermen, finely built, but rarely handsome, and with none of the grace of the Castilian or Andalusian.
The town is adorned with a marble monument commemorating the war of -, a handsome fountain, and a statue of the Old Catholic bishop Reinkens.
It has two Evangelical churches, of which the Nikolai-kirche, dating in its present form from , is a handsome edifice; a medieval town hall, a former Benedictine nunnery and a monument to Luther.
Close to the bouleuterium on the south, and running parallel with it from south-west by west to north-east by east, was the South Colonnade, a late but handsome structure, closed on the north side, open on the south and at the east and west ends.
Four years after her death the king privately wedded a handsome young gentlewoman, Christina Munk, by whom he had twelve children, - a connexion which was to be disastrous to Denmark.
The principal buildings include the Greek Orthodox cathedral, finished in  after the model of the church of St Isaac at St Petersburg; the Armenian church, in a mixed Gothic and Renaissance style, consecrated in ; a handsome new Jesuit church, and a new synagogue in Moorish style, built in .
The first is the Palazzo Reale dating from , but occupying the site of the earliest mansion of the Viscontis and the Sforza; its great hall is a handsome chamber with a gallery supported by caryatides.
Chiefly rock plants with handsome and fragrant flowers, the smaller sorts growing in light sandy soil, and the larger border plants in rich garden earth.
Elegant liliaceous plants, with rhizomatous stems. P. multiflorum (Solomon's Seal),  to  ft., with arching stems, and drooping white flowers from the leaf axils, is a handsome border plant, doing especially well in partial shade amongst shrubs, and also well adapted for pot culture for early forcing.
Other fine species are P. baldschuanium, a climber, P. sphaerostachyum, P. lanigerum, P. polystachyum and P. sachalinense, all bold and handsome.
P. Parthenium eximium,  ft., is a handsome double white form of ornamental character for the mixed border; P. uliginosum,  to  ft., has fine large, white, radiate flowers in October; P. Tchihatchewii, a close-growing, dense evergreen, creeping species, with long-stalked, white flower-heads, is adapted for covering slopes in lieu of turf, and for rockwork.
Sometimes, in addition to the carpet or ground colour, individual plants of larger size and handsome appearance are dotted symmetrically over the beds, an arrangement which is very telling.
Tomatoes should be tied up to trellises or stakes if fine-flavoured and handsome fruit is desired, for if left to ripen on the ground they are apt to have a gross earthy flavour.
The principal buildings are the royal palace, built in-as a residence for the dukes of Nassau, and now a residence of the king of Prussia; the Court Theatre (erected -); the new Kurhaus, a large and handsome establishment, with colonnades, adjoining a beautiful and shady park; the town-hail, in the German Renaissance style (-); the government offices and the museum, with a picture gallery, a collection of antiquities, and a library of , vols.
It retains, however, some of its rural character, and has wide thoroughfares and many handsome residences standing in extensive grounds.
The most prominent buildings are the handsome law-courts by Schinkel and the imposing château of the dukes of Ratibor, which occupies a commanding position on the right bank of the Oder.
The handsome and accomplished youth, whose doings were eagerly reported by the English ambassador at Florence and by the spy, John Walton, at Rome, was now introduced by his father and the pope to the highest Italian society, which he fascinated by the frankness of his manner and the grace and dignity of his bearing.
The tails when split into two or three, with small strips of narrow tape so as to separate the otherwise dense fur, formerly made very handsome sets of trimmings, ties and muffs, and the probabilities are, as with other fashions, such use will have its period of revival.
The very finest skins are chiefly used for stoles and muffs, and the general run for coachmen's capes and carriage rugs, which are very handsome when the tails, which are marked with rings of dark and light fur alternately, are left on.
On the market square stands the fine town hall (Rathaus), dating from the th century, with a handsome Renaissance façade of a somewhat later date, and before it a stone statue of Roland, the emblem of civic power.
The most important and imposing among the more modern architectural additions to the city are the handsome Gothic exchange, completed in , the municipal theatre, the municipal library, the post office (), the law courts (-), the wool exchange, the German bank, the municipal museum for natural science, ethnology and commerce, and the fine railway station ().
Little is known of the personal part played by Philip in the events associated with his name, and later historians have been divided between the view which regards him as a handsome, lethargic nonentity and that which paints him as a master of statecraft who, under a veil of phlegmatic indifference and pious sentiment, masked an inflexible purpose, of which his ministers were but the spokesmen and executors.
Queen Margaret died in ; and a twelvemonth later Gustavus wedded her niece, Catharine Stenbock, a handsome girl of sixteen, who survived him more than sixty years.
It contains bathing-stairs, tanks and wells, and a great number of handsome temples, of which the finest is that of Govind Deva, a cruciform vaulted building of red sandstone, dating from .
The new county buildings () possess a handsome council hall, and the castellated municipal buildings (-) were the former county buildings; the sheriff court house () in St James Street, and the free library and museum (including a picture gallery) at the head of High Street, were erected (-) by Sir Peter Coats (-).
Of parks and open spaces there are in the south, Brodie Park ( acres), presented in  by Robert Brodie; towards the north Fountain Gardens (a acres), the gift of Thomas Coats and named from the handsome iron fountain standing in the centre; in the north-west, St James Park ( acres), with a racecourse (racing dates from , when the earl of Abercorn and the Town Council gave silver bells for the prize); Dunn Square and the old quarry grounds converted and adorned; and Moss Plantation beyond the north-western boundary.
The graceful west front has a deeply recessed Early Pointed doorway, surmounted by traceried windows and, above these, by a handsome Decorated stained-glass window of fire lights.
Of these, the Altstadt is closely built and has only a few fine streets and squares, while the Neustadt possesses numerous broad streets and a handsome frontage to the Rhine.
Coblenz has also handsome law courts, government buildings, a theatre, a museum of antiquities, a conservatory of music, two high grade schools, a hospital and numerous charitable institutions.
Near the end of May, the sand cherry (Cerasus pumila) adorned the sides of the path with its delicate flowers arranged in umbels cylindrically about its short stems, which last, in the fall, weighed down with good-sized and handsome cherries, fell over in wreaths like rays on every side.
I one evening overtook one of my townsmen, who has accumulated what is called "a handsome property"--though I never got a fair view of it--on the Walden road, driving a pair of cattle to market, who inquired of me how I could bring my mind to give up so many of the comforts of life.
The little princess and Mademoiselle Bourienne had already received from Masha, the lady's maid, the necessary report of how handsome the minister's son was, with his rosy cheeks and dark eyebrows, and with what difficulty the father had dragged his legs upstairs while the son had followed him like an eagle, three steps at a time.
The Emperor Francis, a rosy, long faced young man, sat very erect on his handsome black horse, looking about him in a leisurely and preoccupied manner.
A light footstep and the clinking of spurs were heard at the door, and the young count, handsome, rosy, with a dark little mustache, evidently rested and made sleeker by his easy life in Moscow, entered the room.
Every time he chanced to meet Dolokhov's handsome insolent eyes, Pierre felt something terrible and monstrous rising in his soul and turned quickly away.
Hardly had he passed an angle of the wood before a stout gentleman in a beaver cap came riding toward him on a handsome raven-black horse, accompanied by two hunt servants.
Anatole went out of the room and returned a few minutes later wearing a fur coat girt with a silver belt, and a sable cap jauntily set on one side and very becoming to his handsome face.
In the middle of the room a short handsome general with a red face was dancing the trepak with much spirit and agility.
On Konovnitsyn's handsome, resolute face with cheeks flushed by fever, there still remained for an instant a faraway dreamy expression remote from present affairs, but then he suddenly started and his face assumed its habitual calm and firm appearance.
The handsome young soldier who had brought the wood, setting his arms akimbo, began stamping his cold feet rapidly and deftly on the spot where he stood.
No, it was not only that gay, kind, and frank look, not only that handsome exterior, that I loved in him.
He was close to her age and, though she wouldn't have described him as handsome, there was something about his features that she found attractive.
It is intersected from southwest to north-east by the long and handsome KOnigsstrasse, dividing it into an upper and a lower town.
Archbishop Stone, who never married, was a man of remarkably handsome appearance, and his manners were "eminently seductive and insinuating."
The hotel de ville, also by Abadie, is a handsome modern structure, but preserves two towers of the château of the counts of Angouleme, on the site of which it is built.
Clermont has several handsome squares ornamented with fountains, the chief of which is a graceful structure erected by Bishop Jacques d'Amboise in .
The churches are numerous and some are particularly handsome; such as the First church, which overlooks the harbour, and is so named from its standing on the site of the church of the original settlers; St Paul's, Knox church and the Roman Catholic cathedral of St Joseph.
Young, brave and handsome, he won the love and devotion of his people, and guided them through the long years of storm and stress with wisdom and ability.
Mannheim is connected by a handsome bridge with Ludwigshafen, a rapidly growing bornmercial and manufacturing town on the left bank of the Rhine, in Bavarian territory.
About  Amalric was constable of the kingdom of Jerusalem; and he is said to have brought his handsome brother Guy to the notice of Sibylla, the widowed heiress of the kingdom.
There are numerous modern churches and chapels, many of them very handsome; and the former parish church of St Nicholas remains, a Decorated structure containing a Norman font and a memorial to the great duke of Wellington.
Laundrying is extensively carried on as well as the manufacture of metal boxes, soap, oil and furniture, and there are numerous handsome residences.
The two first of these three are handsome suspension bridges; the third, an iron structure, replaced a wooden bridge of many arches which was closed in , after standing a little over a century.
Extending along the front of the town is the boulevard de la Republique, a fine road built by Sir Morton Peto on a series of arches, with a frontage of  ft., and bordered on one side by handsome buildings, whilst a wide promenade overlooking the harbour runs along the other.
From its rugged silvery bark and dark-green foliage, it is a handsome tree, quite hardy in Cornwall and Devonshire, where it has grown to a large size.
Faenza held out, for the people were devoted to their lord, Astorre Manfredi, a handsome and virtuous youth of eighteen.
In Bothwell also, "the glorious, rash and hazardous young man," romantic, handsome, charming even in his guilt, Mary gained what she lacked in her husband, a lover.
There are many fine streets and squares and some handsome public monuments, notably among the last the fountain on the market square surmounted by a statue of Charlemagne, the bronze equestrian statue of the emperor William I.
The most interesting buildings are the old fortified château of the th century, with its Gothic chapel restored in ; the church of St Bartholomew, dating in its present form from ; the new town hall (); the Griines Tor, also built in ; and the handsome new synagogue.
It has a town hall with handsome rooms, a library, a gymnasium, a lyceum, elementary schools, an arsenal, and eleven churches, the finest of which is St Martin's, of the th century, with many excellent paintings and a tower  ft.
There is the interesting white-necked guineafowl, Agelastes (which is found on the Gold Coast and elsewhere west of the lower Niger); there is one peculiar species of eagle owl (Bubo lettii) and a very handsome sparrow-hawk (Accipiter bitttikoferi); a few sun-birds, warblers and shrikes are peculiar to the region.
Of the principal mosques the large Buyuk Djamia, with nine metal cupolas, has become the National Museum; the Tcherna Djamia or Black Mosque, latterly used as a prison, has been transformed into a handsome church; the Banyabashi Djamia, with its picturesque minaret, is still used by Moslem worshippers.
In any case, the Samoans are the most perfect type of Polynesians, of a light brown colour, splendid physique, and handsome regular features, with an average height of  ft.
This park is tastefully laid out, and is traversed by a lake, which is mainly noticeable from the remarkably handsome marble bridge which crosses it from east to west.
Pavilliard a " handsome share in his reconversion," though he maintains, and no doubt rightly, that it was principally due "to his own solitary reflections."
The handsome château of the counts of Thun (built in - and restored in ), which occupies a rocky height above the town, was at one time fortified, and was a place of some importance during the Seven Years' War.
He repaired to Vienna, and was thence summoned to Buda by Matthias Corvinus, king of Hungary, for the purpose of collating Greek manuscripts at a handsome salary.
In , although still below the canonical age, he took holy orders, and, accepting the invitation of Thomas Risden, a former fellow-student, to supply his place for a short time as lecturer in St Paul's, he at once attracted attention by his eloquence and by his handsome face.
The chief buildings are the town-hall, a large theatre, a school of arts and a library; the Christian Brothers College and several handsome churches.
The principal public building is the town hall, completed in  after the designs of Sir Charles Barry; it is a handsome Palladian building with a tower.
There on the right we see the handsome building of the old bakery, occupying the site of the present library; it has two arcades of Saracenic arches and a fine row of battlements.
Of his work some traces still remain in the richly sculptured bands built in at intervals along the th-century façade on the Rio, and part of the handsome larch-wood beams which formed the loggia of the piazzetta façade, still visible on the inner wall of the present loggia.
Towards the end of the th century, this façade, with its lower colonnade, upper loggia with handsome Gothic tracery, and the vast impending upper storey, which give to the whole building its striking appearance and audacious design, had been carried as far as the tenth column on the piazzetta side.
This noble pile, with a large and handsome dome, a secondary cupola over the altar, and a striking portal and flight of steps, occupies one of the most conspicuous sites in Venice on the point of land that separates the mouth of the Guidecca from the Grand Canal.
The Scuola di San Marco is now a part of the town hospital, and besides its facade, already described, it is remarkable for the handsome carved ceiling in the main hall ().
Leopardo was also the creator () of the three handsome bronze sockets in front of St Mark's which held the flagstaffs of the banners of Cyprus, Morea and Crete, when the republic was mistress of those territories.
The new Old South (the successor of the Old South, which is now a museum) is a handsome structure of Italian Gothic style, with a fine campanile.
The flowers, which are borne in the leaf-axils at the ends of the stem, are very handsome, the six, generally narrow, petals are bent back and stand erect, and are a rich orange yellow or red in colour; the six stamens project more or less horizontally from the place of insertion of the petals.
The results showed that it must have been one of the most imposing and handsome in India; and it is especially important now from the large number of inscriptions found upon it.
He was handsome and eloquent, but licentious; and at the same time active, hardy, courageous, a great general and an able politician.
This was the City of Hadrian (Hadrianapolis) or New Athens (Novae Athenae); a handsome suburb with numerous villas, baths and gardens; some traces remain of its walls, which, like those of Themistocles, were fortified with rectangular towers.
Close by is the university, with a colonnade adorned with paintings, and the Vallianean library with a handsome Doric portico of Pentelic marble.
West Hartlepool, a wholly modern town, has several handsome modern churches, municipal buildings, exchange, market hall, Athenaeum and public library.
The public buildings, which are large and handsome, include the government and customs offices on the quay opposite the spot where the mail boats anchor, the governor's house, state hospital, post office, and the Boma or barracks.
Elbeuf, a town of wide, clean streets, with handsome houses and factories, stands on the left bank of the Seine at the foot of hills over which extends the forest of Elbeuf.
St Lubin-desJoncherets has a handsome church of the th century, in which there are stained-glass windows dating from the th century.
Among other buildings are the court house, the market hall, the assembly rooms (a handsome building adjoining the town-hall), and large barracks.
Of late years it has become a much frequented winter resort, and many handsome villas (among them that built by the rd marquess of Salisbury) have been constructed in the neighbourhood.
These are penetrated by intrusions of granitic and felsitic character; one of these masses in Papa Stour is a handsome pink felsite.
Adjoining it are handsome municipal buildings (), and near it is the mansion house, built in  from designs by the earl of Burlington.
Lower Euclid Avenue (the old country road to Euclid, ., and Erie, Pa.) is given up to commercial uses; the eastern part of the avenue has handsome houses with spacious and beautifully ornamented grounds, and is famous as one of the finest residence streets in the country.
While still in her teens, she made a lover of Alexius Shubin, a sergeant in the Semenovsky Guards, and after his banishment to Siberia, minus his tongue, by order of the empress Anne, consoled herself with a handsome young Cossack, Alexius Razumovski, who, there is good reason to believe, subsequently became her husband.
Apart from the old quarter lying on the Mulde, the town is well built, is surrounded by pleasant gardens and contains many handsome streets and spacious squares.
It is wholly of modern growth, and contains several handsome churches and other buildings, while among institutions the chief is themechanics' institute and library.
The principle of co-operation is strongly developed, and a large and handsome store contains among other departments a free library for members.
Gloriosa, well known in cultivation, climbs by means of its tendril-like leaftips; it has handsome flowers with decurved orange-red or yellow petals; it is a native of tropical Asia and Africa.
The natives are in general of a stronger and stouter make, and even handsomer, than those of western India; and the women of the higher classes are also handsome.
The old town, surrounded by arms of the Ill, has narrow and irregular streets, while to the south, on the canal, lie the handsome villas and promenades of the new town.
In conformity with the motto of the city, Nisi Dominus frustra, there are numerous handsome places of public worship. St Giles's church, which was effectively restored (-) by the liberality of Dr William Chambers the publisher, has interesting historical and literary associations.
Concurrently with this activity in higher branches, the school board provided a large number of handsome buildings in healthy surroundings.
The post office is a handsome sandstone building in Renaissance style; it is colonnaded on two sides with polished granite columns and surmounted by a clock tower, containing a peal of bells.
Adjoining the town hall is the Anglican cathedral of St Andrew, in the Perpendicular style; it has two towers at the west end and a low central tower above the intersection of the nave and transepts, with a very handsome chapter house.
Among successful dramatic pieces may be mentioned the Falu rossza (Village Scamp) of Edward Toth (), which represents the life of the Hungarian peasantry, and shows both poetic sentiment and dramatic skill; A szerelem harcza (Combat of Love), by Count Geza Zichy; Iskdriot () and the prize tragedy Tamora (), by Anthony Varady; Janus (), by Gregory Csiky; and the dramatized romance Szep Mikhal (Handsome Michal), by Maurus Jokai ().
Oxford Street, with its handsome shops, bounds the borough on the south, crossing Regent Street at Oxford Circus; Edgware Road on the west; Marylebone Road crosses from east to west, .and from this Upper Baker Street gives access to Park, Wellington, and Finchley Roads; and Baker Street leads southward.
During his patron's absence, Biren, a handsome, insinuating fellow, succeeded in supplanting him in the favour of Anne, and procuring the disgrace and banishment of Bestuzhev and his family.
The plants are hardy herbaceous perennials with narrow tufted radical leaves and an elongated stem bearing a handsome spike of white or yellow flowers.
At both Hamburg and Harburg, again, there are handsome railway bridges, the one (- and ) crossing the northern Elbe, and the other () the southern Elbe; and the former arm is also crossed by a fine triple-arched bridge () for vehicular traffic.
They were erected in  and are a handsome block in Renaissance style, three-storied, with a central tower surmounted by a statue of Liberty.
This beautiful street, with its northward branches, Park Lane, from which splendid houses overlook Hyde Park, and Bond Street, lined with handsome shops, may be said to focus the fashionable life of London.
Its finest portion is the Chelsea Embankment, fronting Battersea Park across the river, shaded by a pleasant avenue and lined with handsome houses.
The buildings connected with local government in London are with one exception modern, and handsome town-halls have been erected for some of the boroughs.
From these remains we may guess that London was a handsome city in the reign of Hadrian, and probably then in as great a position of importance as it ever attained.
Yet within recent years great alterations have been effected; in the newer quarters are several handsome streets and public buildings; in the centre many insanitary dwellings have been swept away, and their place occupied by imposing blocks of shops and business premises, and a magnificent new town-hall, erected in a dominant position.
His handsome looks and smart sallies attracted the attention of Francois Lefort, Peter's first favourite, who took him into his service and finally transferred him to the tsar.
It has a handsome town hall with fine paintings, an old tower (the Hexenturm, or witches' tower), a museum and various educational institutions.
Opposite the Hof burg, the main body of which is separated from the Ring-Strasse by the Hofgarten and Volksgarten, rise the handsome monument of the empress Maria Theresa (erected ) and the imperial museums of art and natural history, two extensive Renaissance edifices with domes (erected -), matching each other in every particular and grouping finely with the new part of the palace.
The forested regions shelter the handsome Barbary red deer, which is peculiar to this region and the adjoining districts of Algeria.
On the lakes there is a very handsome goose, with white body and dark-green wings shading into violet, called huachua, two kinds of ibis, a large gull (Larus serranus) frequenting the alpine lakes in flocks, flamingoes called parihuana, ducks and water-hens.
Near Lima, on the south, there are three bathing resorts, Chorrillos, Miraflores and Barranco, which have handsome residences and large populations in the bathing season.
The old town, containing many narrow and irregular streets, forms a semicircle with its diameter towards the river, while round its periphery has sprung up the greater part of modern Munich, including the handsome Maximilian and Ludwig districts.
The valuable collections of art are enshrined in handsome buildings, mostly in the Maximilian suburb on the north side of the town.
Among the succeeding rulers those who did most for the town in the erection of handsome buildings and the foundation of schools and scientific institutions were Albert V., William V., Maximilian I., Max Joseph and Charles Theodore.
The houses being mostly built of a white conglomerate stone of shells and coral which forms the peninsula, gives the city when viewed from a distance a clean and handsome appearance, but on closer inspection the streets are found to be very narrow, irregular, ill-paved and filthy.
A very handsome triumphal arch, now called the Porta de' Borsari, was restored in this year by Gallienus (as the inscription upon it, which has taken the place of an older one, cancelled to make room for it, records), and became one of the city gates.
New municipal buildings adjoining the " Rimer " on the north side were erected in - in German Renaissance style, with a handsome tower  ft.
Few cities of the same size as Frankfort are so richly endowed with literary, scientific and artistic institutions, or possess so many handsome buildings appropriated to their service.
The intervening ground upon which the railway lines and buildings stood was sold for building sites, the sum obtained being more than sufficient to cover the cost of the majestic central terminus (the third largest in the world), which, in addition to spacious and handsome halls for passenger accommodation, has three glass-covered spans of  ft.
The principal buildings are the parish church of St Andrew (dating from the time of Henry I., modernized in , rebuilt with the exception of the tower in , and again rebuilt in ), and the handsome Gothic mechanics' institute and technical school ().
They were often Vehkles constructed of rich lacquer; the curtains suspended in front were of the finest bamboo workmanship, with thick cords and tassels of plaited silk, and the draught animal, an ox of handsome proportions, was brilliantly caparisoned.
It has an evangelical and four Roman Catholic churches, among the latter the handsome parish church dating from the th century, and various educational establishments.
Derwent Isle, about six acres in extent, contains a handsome residence surrounded by lawns, gardens and timber of large growth.
In these thoroughfares and in several of the streets which intersect them are the offices of the mining companies, the banks, clubs, newspaper offices, hotels and shops, the majority being handsome stone or brick buildings, while the survival of some wooden shanties and corrugated iron buildings recalls the early character of the town.
Chief Buildings, &c. - In the centre of Market Square are the market buildings, and at its east end the post and telegraph offices, a handsome block of buildings with a façade  ft.
He was a man of singularly handsome presence, not without mental qualities of a high order; he was devoted to the arts - Beethoven and Mozart enjoyed his patronage and his private orchestra had a European reputation.
The town has a handsome church (Early English and Decorated), a grammar school, and some trade in coal, timber, malt and cheese.
He was about ten years old in , and was described as a handsome youth of intelligence and good manners.
At the beginning of the th century Belfast had become known as a place of considerable trade, and was then thought a handsome, thriving and well-peopled town, with many new houses and good shops.
The most prominent buildings are the new town-hall (); the castle of Count Clam Gallas, built in the th century, with additions dating from  and ; the Erzdekanatskirche, of the th century; the Protestant church, a handsome modern Romanesque edifice (-) and the hall of the cloth-workers.
The Gothic churches of St Vincent and St Eucharius, and the handsome Protestant garrison church, completed in , also deserve mention.
Holyoke is characteristically an industrial and mercantile city; it has some handsome public buildings (the city hall and the public library, founded in , being especially noteworthy) and attractive environs.
Subsequently, however, he married the handsome and promising youth to Agnes of Chatillon, duchess of Antioch, and in  placed him, by force of arms, on the Hungarian throne, first expelling Bela's younger brother Geza, who was supported by the Catholic party.
It is still surrounded by its old fortifications, has two Evangelical and two Roman Catholic churches, a new town-hall, handsome public offices, and a prison.
It was the home for some years of Francis Hopkinson and of his son Joseph Hopkinson (whose residences are still standing), and from  to  and in - was the home of Joseph Bonaparte, ex-king of Spain, who lived on a handsome estate known as "Bonaparte's Park," which he laid out with considerable magnificence.
In  his house and library were burnt, and in consideration of his loss he was appointed physician to the king, with a handsome salary, and librarian to the university of Copenhagen.
The new town, surrounding the old on the north and east, and lying between it and the woods referred to, has wide streets, handsome buildings and beautiful squares.
Of secular buildings the most remarkable is the royal palace - Schloss - built -, with a grand portal and handsome quadrangle.
He inherited the talents of his highly gifted mother, and his amiability and handsome features made him very popular in Copenhagen.
All the while that Fulk the Young and Geoffrey the Handsome were carrying on the work of extending the countship of Anjou, they did not neglect to strengthen their authority at home, to which the unruliness of the barons was a menace.
Geoffrey the Handsome, with his indefatigable energy, was eminently fitted to suppress the coalitions of his vassals, the most formidable of which was formed in .
Thus, on the death of Geoffrey the Handsome (th of September ), his son Henry found himself heir to a great empire, strong and consolidated, to which his marriage with Eleanor of Aquitaine (May ) further added Aquitaine.
The principal building of the town is a handsome hotel de vile, partly of the th century, with a lofty belfry.
The streets are in general steep and narrow, but there is a handsome promenade in the upper town, laid out in the th century by the intendant Antoine Megret d'Etigny.
On its eastern side it communicates with the left bank of the river by a handsome series of steps; on its north side rises the cathedral of SainteMarie.
Among the more important public buildings must be noticed the Evangelical Marienkirche (Oberkirche), a handsome brick edifice of the th century with five aisles, the Roman Catholic church, the Rathhaus dating from , and bearing on its southern gable the device of a member of the Hanseatic League, the government offices and the theatre.
There are several handsome public monuments, notably that to Duke Leopold of Brunswick, who was drowned in the Oder while attempting to save life, on the th of April .
Achilles is a typical Greek hero; handsome, brave, celebrated for his fleetness of foot, prone to excess of wrath and grief, at the same time he is compassionate, hospitable, full of affection for his mother and respect for the gods.
The town has a number of handsome modern buildings, including a town hall, a post office, law courts, and a large hospital.
It contains four Protestant churches, among them the German church, with a handsome steeple, and the curious circular Lithuanian church, a Roman Catholic church, a Jewish synagogue and a classical school (Gymnasium).
It consists of two scattered townships, Low Harrogate and High Harrogate, which have gradually been connected by a continuous range of handsome houses and villas.
The principal sulphur springs are the old sulphur well in the centre of Low Harrogate, discovered about the year ; the Montpellier springs, the principal well of which was discovered in , situated in the grounds of the Crown Hotel and surmounted by a handsome building in the Chinese style, containing pump-room, baths and reading-room; and the Harlow Car springs, situated in a wooded glen about a mile west from Low Harrogate.
It has been mostly rebuilt since a great fire in , and the streets are in general wide and straight, and contain many handsome houses.
There are three Evangelical churches and one Roman Catholic. Among other noteworthy buildings are the handsome town-hall (, afterwards restored) and the theatre ().
In the park is the fine Colombo Museum, founded by Sir William Gregory l; and near the neighbouring Campbell Park are the handsome buildings of a number of institutions, such as Wesley College, and the General, Victoria Memorial Eye and other hospitals.
On the th ands th, attacking sharply on the Russian front and lapping round both its flanks, Oku won an important and handsome victory, at a cost of  men out of , engaged, while the Russians, with a loss of at least  out of about , engaged, retired in disorder.
The gallery of paintings, housed in a handsome building erected in  on the Schdne Aussicht, contains one of the finest small collections in Europe, especially rich in the works of Rembrandt, Frans Hals and Van Dyck.
A handsome Gothic Lutheran church was erected in -, a post office (Renaissance) in , and new administrative offices and law courts in -.
The widowed duchess of Kent was now a woman of thirty-four, handsome,, homely, a German at heart, and with little liking for English ways.
There are several bazaars, baths and handsome mosques, one noted for its lofty minaret, and here the American Presbyterian mission has established a college for both sexes.
He was distinguished for his strength and his handsome person, for the wisdom of his sayings, the acuteness of his riddles and the beauty of his lyric poetry.
His conduct, however, led to a separation within five years, and the tsar Nicholas compelled him to make Princess Mathilde a handsome allowance.
Begun by the Countess Matilda of Tuscany in , after the designs of Lanfranc, and consecrated in , the Romanesque cathedral (S Geminiano) is a low but handsome building, with a lofty crypt, under the choir (characteristic of the Tuscan Romanesque architecture), three eastern apses, and a façade still preserving some curious sculptures of the th century.
It possesses many edifices, public and private, which are handsome or elegant, but it has almost nothing to which the memory reverts as a masterpiece of architectural art.
It is a handsome mausoleum faced with blue and white glazed tiles, standing under the shade of some magnificent silver poplars.
In later days it became the chief instrument of foreign ambassadors for dissolving inconvenient diets, as a deputy could always be bribed to exercise his veto for a handsome consideration.
The handsome and insinuating Poniatowski speedily won the susceptible heart of the grand-duchess Catherine, but he won nothing else and returned to Poland in  somewhat discredited.
The portrait prefixed to the Leipzig edition of her works is a striking one, representing a handsome, intellectual-looking woman, dressed in the garb of some religious order.
Bathurst has broad streets, crossing one another at right angles, with a handsome park in the centre of the town, while many of the public buildings, specially the town hall, government buildings, and Anglican and Roman Catholic cathedrals, are noteworthy.
During the same year he married Susanna Glyde, and thus vacated his fellowship; but the death of his mother had left him in possession of a handsome fortune.
On the land side the town was formerly defended by a fosse, and there are still considerable remains of the old wall, including the handsome South Gate of the th century.
The more conspicuous buildings are the cathedral, the exchange, the royal palace, now occupied by the captain-general, and the law courts, the episcopal palace, a handsome late Renaissance building (), the general hospital (), the town-house (end of the th century), the picture gallery, and the college.
She proved equal to the occasion, partly because she was in all probability innocent of anything worse than a qualified acquiescence in Seymour's improprieties and a girlish admiration for his handsome face.
Her features were as handsome as Mary's, but she had little fascination, and in spite of her many suitors no man lost his head over Elizabeth as men did over Mary.
A contemporary record, after attesting his pre-eminence as a goldsmith, jeweller and painter, states that he was "most handsome in person and highly eloquent."
The inner town has an old () and a new Rathaus, the latter, formerly a palace, an exceedingly handsome edifice.
Most of the white inhabitants live in Ermita and Malate, or in San Miguel, where there are several handsome villas along the river front, among them that of the governor-general of the Philippines.
This, with its rather handsome cupola, and the twelve minor tombs of Ahmad Shah's children grouped around, contains a few good specimens of fretwork and of inlaid inscriptions.
Among newer ecclesiastical buildings must be mentioned the handsome Roman Catholic church in Deutz, completed in , and a large synagogue, in the new town west of the Ring, finished in .
A handsome central railway station (high level), on the site of the old station, and close to the cathedral, was built in -.
The burgh consists of the new town, the principal quarter, on the south of the Eddleston, and the old on the north; the Tweed is crossed by a handsome fivearched bridge.
In  he paid the ransom of Charles of Orleans (the son of his father's old enemy), who had been a prisoner in England since the battle of Agincourt; received him with great honour at Gravelines; and married him to Mary of Cleves, upon whom he bestowed a handsome dowry.
But literature had ceased to flourish under the patronage of the great, and had not yet begun to flourish under the patronage of the public. One man of letters, indeed, Pope, had acquired by his pen what was then considered as a handsome fortune, and lived on a footing of equality with nobles and ministers of state.
Within are a priest's chamber over the porch, a handsome oak ceiling, a th-century pulpit, and some curious monuments and brasses.
The most noteworthy of its public buildings is the handsome Protestant Church, begun in the th century and finished in , in the Gothic style, containing a beautiful cup-shaped font, cast by Meister Leonhardus in , and a large mural painting of the Crucifixion by Johannes von Rosenau ().
Dunimarle Castle, a handsome structure on the sea-shore, adjoins the site of the castle where, according to tradition, Macbeth slew the wife;and children of Macduff.
Leading from this piazza is the Via Venti Settembre, a broad, handsome street laid out since , leading south-east to the Ponte Pila, the central bridge over the Bisagno.
The town is well built, has many spacious squares and attractive public grounds, and contains a castle, a handsome town-hall, a gymnasium, &c. The old palace of the abbots of Kempten, dating from the end of the th century, is now partly used as barracks, and near to it is the fine abbey church.
Among other interesting buildings are the curious th-century Gothic town hall, the façade of which is concealed by a Renaissance addition; the palace of the grand duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, built in ; the law courts, built in -; the university buildings, erected in -; and an assembly hall of the estates of Mecklenburg (Standehaus), a handsome Gothic building erected in -.
The town hall is a handsome classical building erected in ; it bridges the county boundary, the Calder, enabling the magistrates to exercise jurisdiction in both counties.
All accounts agree in describing him in later life as a man of handsome presence, with a venerable white beard, piercing black eyes and a benevolent cast of countenance, the effect of which was heightened in conversation by a voice of singular sweetness.
On the one side is a flat sandy plain, in which lies Pest, modern of aspect, regularly laid out, and presenting a long frontage of handsome buildings to the river.
It is a busy thoroughfare, lined in its first half with magnificent new buildings, and in its second half, where it attains a width of  ft., with handsome villas standing in their own gardens, which give the impression rather of a fashionable summer resort than the centre of a great city.
There are also the exchange (); the AustroHungarian bank (); the central post and telegraph office; the art-industrial museum (-), in oriental style, with some characteristically Hungarian ornamentations; several handsome theatres; large barracks; technical and secondary schools; two great railway termini and a central market () to be mentioned.
Amiens was once a place of great strength, and still possesses a citadel of the end of the th century, but the ramparts which surrounded it have been replaced by boulevards, bordered by handsome residences.
The typical Moors of Morocco are a handsome race, with skin the colour of coffee-and-milk, with black eyes and black silky hair, and the features of Europeans.
It is the seat of the Anglican bishop of North Queensland and has a cathedral and several handsome buildings, including the supreme court and the custom-house.
Laconia is served by two divisions of the Boston & Maine railway, which has a very handsome granite passenger station () and repair shops here.
The walls are of polished stone, and the whole structure is handsome; but from a military point of view it is of little importance, being commanded by a hill, from which it is divided only by a ravine.
Ems is largely frequented in the summer months by visitors from all parts of the world - the numbers amounting to about I i, annually - and many handsome villas have been erected for their accommodation.
Here is the "laurel ditch" or "dead-line" - commemorated by a handsome bronze relief set in the wall of the fortress - where scores of Cuban patriots were shot.
The Palace, which served as a residence for the captains-general during the Spanish rule, is the home of the city government and the residence of the president of the republic. It is a large and handsome stone structure (tinted in white and yellow), and stands on the site of the original parish church, facing the Plaza de Armas from the east.
On the st of January , Jefferson married Martha Wayles Skelton (-), a childless widow of twenty-three, very handsome, accomplished, and very fond of music. Their married life was exceedingly happy, and Jefferson never remarried after her early death.
As a race the Afghans are very handsome and athletic, often with fair complexion and flowing beard, generally black or brown, sometimes, though rarely, red; the features highly aquiline.
The women have handsome features of Jewish cast (the last trait often true also of the men); fair complexions, sometimes rosy, though usually a pale sallow; hair braided and plaited behind in two long tresses terminating in silken tassels.
The large and handsome oxen of Gujarat in Bombay and of Hariana in the Punjab are excellently adapted for drawing heavy loads in a sandy soil.
The principal church of the town, Notre-Dame, dating mainly from the th and th centuries, has a fine central tower and a triple portal with handsome wooden doors.
Beaucaire is situated on the right bank of the Rhone, opposite Tarascon, with which it is connected by two handsome bridges, a suspension-bridge of four spans and  ft.
Sometimes he has goat's feet and horns, curly hair and a long beard, half animal, half man; sometimes he is a handsome youth, with long flowing hair, only characterized by horns just beginning to grow, the shepherd's crook and pipe.
It belongs to the Roman Catholic community, who possess also the church of St Martin and the church of Our Lady (Liebfrauenkirche), a handsome Gothic edifice outside the town, finished in .
The Bischofshof, in which the most famous diet of Worms () was held, is now replaced by a handsome modern residence.
The city contains a large number of handsome edifices, both public and private, among which are the Bolsa, Government House, municipal hall, cathedral, Cabildo, Hospital de Caridad, insane asylum, Italian hospital, Teatro Solis, Athenaeum, and the Club Uruguayo.
There are a British hospital (founded , the present edifice dating from ) chiefly for the use of sailors, an Anglican church in Calle Santa Teresa dating from , and a handsome Italian hospital of modern construction.
Numerous handsome medieval buildings testify to its former prosperity as a prominent member of the Hanseatic league, and its many quaint houses with high gables and overhanging eaves have gained for it the appellation "the Nuremberg of the North."
The town is one of the finest in the Rhine provinces, being well and regularly built, and possessing several handsome squares and attractive public gardens.
From the sea its white and handsome houses present a picturesque appearance, and its streets though narrow are clean and attractive.
There are five other churches, a handsome town hall, an orphanasylum, several hospitals, a mechanics' institute, a famous grammar school (gymnasium), a normal and several other schools, and two public libraries.
Besides a number of handsome modern churches, among which is a Roman Catholic cathedral, Portsmouth possesses, in the church of St Thomas a Becket, a fine cruciform building dating from the second half of the th century, in which the chancel and transepts are original, but the nave and tower date from , and the whole was extensively restored in .
Among other buildings worthy of mention (apart from those having naval or military connexion) the principal is the town-hall (), a fine classic building standing alone in a square, and surmounted by a handsome clock tower.
Much of the city has been constructed since , and the barracks, post office, college for girls and National Bank are handsome modern buildings.
At the end of the sermon in Tristram he had intimated that, if this sample of Yorick's pulpit eloquence was liked, "there are now in the possession of the Shandy family as many as will make a handsome volume, at the world's service, and much good may they do it."
Of its edifices the most remarkable are the Roman Catholic parish church of St Martin, known also as the Munster, dating from the th and th centuries, the Lutheran parish church (th century), the former Dominican monastery (-), known as "Unterlinden" and now used as a museum, the Kaufhaus (trade-hall) of the th century, and the handsome government offices (formerly the Prefecture).
Her person was described by Spanheim, the Prussian ambassador, as handsome though inclining to stoutness, with black hair, blue eyes and good features, and of grave aspect.
A feature of Kolozsvár is the large number of handsome mansions belonging to the Transylvanian nobles, who reside here during the winter.
The Shannon divides the town into two portions, known as the Leinster side (east), and the Connaught side (west), which are connected by a handsome bridge opened in .
Its site is that formerly occupied by the terminus of the Schleswig-Holstein railways, but a handsome central station lying somewhat farther to the N., connected with Hamburg by an elevated railway, now accommodates all the traffic and provides through communication with the main Prussian railway systems. There are also fine municipal and judicial buildings, a theatre (under the same management as the Stadttheater in Hamburg), a gymnasium, technical schools, a school of navigation and a hospital.
During the absence of Claudius from the city, Messallina forced a handsome youth named Gaius Silius to divorce his wife and go through a regular form of marriage with her.
Their chosen leader, whom they destined to succeed Nero, was C. Calpurnius Piso, a handsome, wealthy and popular noble, and a boon companion of Nero himself.
Among the principal public buildings are the town hall (), in the French Renaissance style; the county hall (), a handsome structure with octagonal tower and dome over the principal entrance; the large corn exchange (, enlarged ), including a concert-room; the market house, the sessions house, the county offices () and the prison for the West Riding; the mechanics' institution with large library, church institute and library, and the fine art institution.
Afium contains several mosques (one of them a very handsome building), and is the seat of an Armenian bishop. The town is connected by railway with Smyrna, Konia, Angora and Constantinople.
It has a handsome parish church and is the seat of a Greek Orthodox bishop. Versecz is one of the principal wineproducing centres in Hungary, and the red wines and brandy produced here enjoy a great reputation.
In the course of this session Bacon married Alice Barnham " the alderman's daughter, an handsome maiden, to my liking," of whom he had written some years before to his cousin Cecil.
The handsome funnel-shaped flowers are borne in a cluster of two to many, at the end of a short hollow scape.
The finest buildings, excluding a number of handsome churches, are the Victoria Hall and the convent of Notre Dame de Sion.
Norrmalm is the finest quarter of the city, with broad straight streets, several open spaces with gardens, and handsome buildings.
East of Skeppsholm an inlet, Ladugardslandsviken, so named from the proximity of the former royal farm-yard (ladugard), and bordered on the mainland by a quay with handsome houses called Strandvagen, throws off a narrow branch (Djurgardsbrunnsviken) and separates from the mainland an island about  m.
Within a few months of this culminating triumph, she was threatened with utter ruin by the discovery of a supposed liaison with her gentleman of the bedchamber, William Mons, a handsome and unscrupulous upstart, and the brother of a former mistress of Peter.
Agave americana, century plant, was introduced into Europe about the middle of the th century and is now widely cultivated for its handsome appearance; in the variegated forms the leaf has a white or yellow marginal or central stripe from base to apex.
According to custom he promised his father-in-law, Deloneus, a handsome bridal present, but treacherously murdered him when he claimed the fulfilment of the promise.
Mary had wearied of her guiding statesmen, Moray and the more pliant Maitland; the Italian secretary David Rizzio, through whom she had corresponded with the pope, now more and more usurped their place; and a weak fancy for her handsome cousin, Henry Darnley, brought about a sudden marriage in  and swept the opposing Protestant lords into exile.
The city, laid out on a plan drawn up by Lord Kitchener in , has a picturesque aspect with its numerous handsome stone and brick buildings surrounded by gardens and its groves of palms and other trees.
P. pyrenaica is a handsome species of pyramidal form, attaining a large size on the mountains of northern Spain, whence it extends through the Mediterranean region to Asia Minor, northern Persia and Afghanistan.
It is a railway centre, has two Evangelical and a Roman Catholic church, two bridges across the Neckar, handsome streets in the modern quarter of the town and fine promenades and gardens.
At the time of his accession Lutf All Khan was only in his twentieth year, very handsome, tall, graceful, and an excellent horseman.
There are also two state-subsidized hospitals, a college, a school of mines, a technological museum, several large and handsome churches, and numerous subsidized charitable institutions.
What we know for certain is that after the death of Hyginus, bishop of Rome (or c.  A.D.), he arrived, in the course of his travels, at Rome, and made a handsome donation of money to the local church.
Among the principal buildings are a Franciscan convent, with a rich library and an interesting collection of antiquities and ecclesiastical objects; a Piarist and a Minorite convent; a handsome new town-hall; and a natural history and historical museum to which is attached a public library.
Amongst its principal buildings are the cathedral, the episcopal palace, several convents, of which the most noteworthy is the Jesuit convent, now a Cistercian secondary school with a handsome church, and the county hall.
A handsome sum was raised for Bell by subscription among the citizens of Glasgow; and he also received from the trustees of the river Clyde a pension of X a year.
The Royal Institution of South Wales, founded in , is housed in a handsome building in the Ionic style erected in-and possesses a museum in which the geology, mineralogy, botany and antiquities of the district are well represented, there being a fine collection of neolithic remains from the Gower Caves and from Merthyr Mawr.
The town hall and the university buildings, dating from  and restored in , are commonplace erections; but to the south of the Ludwigsplatz, upon which most of the academical buildings lie, stands the new university library, a handsome structure of pink sandstone in German Renaissance style.
The flowers of the horsechestnut, which are white dashed with red and yellow, appear in May, and sometimes, but quite exceptionally, again in autumn; they form a handsome erect panicle, but comparatively few of them afford mature fruit.
He set little store on the theology of those who in a system of dry and barren notions "pay handsome compliments to the Deity," "remove providence," "explode devotion," and leave but "little of zeal, affection, or warmth in what they call rational religion."
Since the French conquest in  good roads have been constructed throughout the city, broad flights of steps connect places too steep for the formation of carriage roads, and the central space, called Andohalo, has become a handsome place, with walks and terraces, flower-beds and trees.
The Landwehr Canal, leaving the Spree near the Schlesische Tor (gate), and rejoining it at Charlottenburg, after a course of  m., adds not a little to the charm of the southern and western districts, being flanked by fine boulevards and crossed by many handsome bridges.
The streets in the older quarters are narrow, crooked and gloomy; but the newer parts of the city, especially those laid out since the removal of the fortifications about , are handsome and spacious.
All accounts agree that he was of great stature and singularly handsome, and that this helped him not a little in his evangelistic work.
Three bridges cross the North Channel, a footbridge, North Gate bridge and St Patrick's bridge, the last a handsome three-arch structure leading to St Patrick's Street, a wide and pleasant thoroughfare, containing a statue of Father Mathew, the celebrated Capuchin advocate of temperance, born in .
St Finbar's cemetery has handsome monuments, and St Joseph's, founded by Father Mathew in  on the site of the old botanic gardens of the Cork Institution, is beautifully planted.
In its centre are the public gardens, in which is a handsome block of buildings in the Renaissance style, built in - at a cost of over ,, containing the town hall, municipal offices, public library, museum and art gallery.
The more modern quarter which has grown up at the southern foot of the hill has handsome broad boulevards and villas, many of them with beautiful gardens, filled with semis tropical plants.
In  he made a voyage to the East Indies in the Company's service, and put £ lent him by an uncle to such good purpose in a private trading venture that he laid the foundation of a handsome fortune.
With the exception of those in the older portion of the town, the streets are handsome and spacious, and the beautiful gardens and promenades between the suburbs and the castle add greatly to the town's attractiveness.
The majority, however, may be described as a mixed Hamito-Semitic people, who are in general well formed and handsome, with straight and regular features, lively eyes, hair long and straight or somewhat curled and in colour dark olive, approaching to black.
Although he had set his troops in motion too late to relieve Kassala, Ras Alula, his chief general, had succeeded in inflicting a handsome defeat on Osman Digna at Kufit in September .
Of its four Evangelical churches, the old St Michaeliskirche is a handsome structure; but its chief edifices are the new town hall, with a tower  ft.
Modern Amsterdam extends southward beyond the Singel Gracht, and here the houses are often very handsome, while the broad streets are planted with rows of large trees.
Prosperous villages and handsome villas stud its shores, and it is one of the most frequented summer resorts in the vicinity of Munich.
The Galleria Vittoria, opened in , is a circular building with handsome dome, situated near the main entrance of the Villa Communale.
The remaining two and a half years of Leonardo's life were spent at the Castle of Cloux near Amboise, which was assigned, with a handsome pension, to his use.
The plan of the city is in no way regular, and the numerous handsome public buildings are distributed among several streets, principally on the north side of the narrow river.
The Philosophical and Literary Society, established in , possesses a handsome building in Park Row, known as the Philosophical Hall, containing a laboratory, scientific library, lecture room, and museum, with excellent natural history, geological and archaeological collections.
It consists of an old town and several handsome suburbs, but much of the former has been rebuilt since a fire in .
Physically handsome and strong, model knights of the days of chivalry, hard fighters, wise statesmen, they were born leaders of men; always ready to advance the commerce of the country, they were the supporters of the growing towns, and likewise the pioneers in the task of converting a land of marshes and swamps into a fertile agricultural territory rich in flocks and herds.
The result was five pups, which have grown into handsome hounds without the remotest suggestion of the previous Dalmatian mate of their dam.
He was educated by his mother because, being a Protestant, he couldnot attend school, and he grew up at once thoughtful and passionate, studious and social, handsome in person and graceful in manners.
The portion of the Admiralty facing Whitehall dates from  and is plain and sombre; but there are handsome new buildings on the Park side.
In addition to the government offices, its buildings include a handsome university, a wooden cathedral, a national theatre, an academy of science and literature, a chamber of commerce, and astronomical observatory and a number of hospitals and charitable institutions.
In the Plaza Morazan, the largest of many shady squares, is a handsome bronze and marble monument to the last president of united Central America, from whom the plaza takes its name.
The favourite suburb is Malabar hill, a high ridge running out into the sea, and terraced to the top by handsome houses, which command one of the finest views, of its kind, in the world.
At the extremity of the place of Wenceslaus (Vacla y ske Namesti) is situated the handsome building that contains the collections and library of the Bohemian museum.
The handsome halls known as the Spanish and German halls were erected by Ferdinand I., and additions were made by other sovereigns also.
The principal buildings are the fine Gothic church of St Peter and St Paul, dating from the rth century, with two stately towers, a famous organ and a very heavy bell; the Frauen Kirche, erected about the end of the th century, and possessing a fine portal and choir in pierced work; the Kloster Kirche, restored in , with handsome choir stalls and a carved altar dating from ; and the Roman Catholic church, founded in , in the Roman style of architecture, with beautiful glass windows and oil-paintings.
Trinity House was founded in  as a home for old and disabled sailors, but on the decline of its revenues it became the licensing authority for pilots, its humane office being partly fulfilled by the sailors' home, established about  in a building adjoining the Signal Tower, and rehoused in a handsome structure in the Scottish Baronial style in   -.
The high school, built in , for many years a familiar object on the west margin of the Links, gave way to the academy, a handsome and commodious structure, to which are drafted senior pupils from the numerous board schools for free education in the higher branches.
A house in Coalhill is thought to be the "handsome and spacious edifice" erected for her privy council by Mary of Guise.
It is built principally of stone, and contains several handsome streets with numerous great warehouses and business premises, many of which are of high architectural merit.
The town hall () and the corporation offices () are handsome classic buildings; the Ramsden Estate buildings are a very fine block of the mixed Italian order.
The characteristics of the town are quite in keeping with its political position; it is as handsome as it is fashionable, and was rightly described by de Amicis in his Olanda as half Dutch, half French.
The town contains a handsome town hall, several churches and schools, and carries on an active industry in cotton and woollen stocking manufacture.
Not only did he agree to receive Stephen Langton as archbishop, to restore all the exiled clergy to their benefices, and to pay them handsome compensation for all their losses during the last five years, but be took the strange and ignominious step of declaring that he ceded his whole kingdom to the pope, to hold as his vassal.
The demand was absurd and exorbitant and was refused, though the French government offered him the hand of their kings daughter Catherine with a dowry of , crowns and the districts of Quercy and Prigordsufficiently handsome terms. When he began to collect a fleet and an army, they added to the offer the Limousin and other regions; but Henry was determined to pick his quarrel, and declared war in an impudent and hypocritical manifesto, in which he declared that he was driven into strife against his will.
The tool selected was one Perkiri Warbeck, a handsome youth of seventeen or eighteen, the son of a citizen of Tournai, who had lived for some time in London, where Perkin had actually been born.
He was not a monarch to rouse enthusiasm, while much was expected from his brilliant, clever and handsome son Henry VIII., whose magnificent presence and manly vigour recalled the early prime of Edward IV.
The ducal residence is a handsome edifice in a pseudo-classical style, with a library of , volumes, and collections of coins and antiquities.
The whole aspect of the city has been changed by the construction of handsome public buildings, the laying-out of parks and the widening of the streets.
Chemnitz is in general well built, the enormous development of its industry and commerce having of late years led to the laying out of many fine streets and to the embellishing of the town with handsome buildings.
The centre is occupied by the market square, with the handsome medieval Rathaus, now superseded for municipal business by a modern building in the Post-strasse.
Paul was undoubtedly not a man of quick parts or unusual views, but he was handsome, attractive, strong-willed, and has never been accused of promoting nephews or favourites.
Government House, the residence of the governor of Tasmania, a handsome castellated building, stands in its domain on the banks of the Derwent, to the north of the town.
The streets of the former are narrow and irregular, but the latter, founded at the end of the th century by fugitive Walloons and Netherlanders, is built in the form of a pentagon with broad streets crossing at right angles, and possesses several fine squares, among which may be mentioned the marketplace, adorned with handsome fountains at the four corners.
Among the principal buildings are the ancient castle, formerly the residence of the counts of Hanau; the church of St John, dating from the th century, with a handsome tower; the old church of St Mary, containing the burial vault of the counts of Hanau; the church in the new town, built by the Walloons in the beginning of the th century in the form of two intersecting circles; the Roman Catholic church, the synagogue, the theatre, the barracks, the arsenal and the hospital.
They are a fine warlike race, with remarkably clear complexions and handsome features; round wrists and ankles they wear rings of twisted hair.
The town is well and regularly built, with broad and straight streets, and contains numerous handsome and quaint buildings in the northern Gothic style.
The quarters which suffered most in the bombardment of  have, however, been rebuilt in more modern fashion, and the recent widening of the circle of fortifications, with the destruction of the old walls, has given the city opportunity of expansion in all directions; thus, with the exception of Berlin and Leipzig, there is perhaps no town in Germany which can show so many handsome new public buildings as Strassburg.
The university of Strassburg, founded in  and suppressed during the French Revolution as a stronghold of German sentiment, was reopened in ; it now occupies a site in the new town and is housed in a handsome building erected for it in -.
A handsome bund runs along the river frontage of the three foreign settlements, and the public buildings, especially in the British settlement, are large and fine.
A mile and a half to the north-east is the handsome early Renaissance pilgrimage church of the Madonno della Quercia; the façade is adorned with three lunettes by Andrea della Robbia.
They occupy the extreme east limits of Papuan territory and are usually classified as Melanesians; but they are physically superior to the pure examples of that race, combining their dark colour, harsh hirsute skin, crisp hair, which is bleached with lime and worn in an elaborately trained mop, and muscular limbs, with the handsome features and well proportioned bodies of the Polynesians.
He was handsome, elegant and a lover of pleasure, and was one of the most individual figures of the Revolution.
The church of St Peter and St Paul is Perpendicular, a handsome cruciform structure with central tower, and has a fine carved roof of wood.
Upon it, on the side of the inner town and included within it, is the Augusteum, or main building of the university, a handsome edifice containing a splendid hall (), lecture rooms and archaeological collections; adjoining it is the Paulinerkirche, the university church.
