
After the club of the Pantheon was closed by Bonaparte, on the th of February , his aggressive activity redoubled.
In the reign of Michael's successor, Alexius (-), the country recovered its strength so rapidly that the tsar was tempted to revive the energetic aggressive policy and put forward claims to Livonia, Lithuania and Little Russia, but he was obliged to moderate his pretensions.
But, though the questions at issue between Russia and Turkey in Poland and the northern littoral of the Black Sea were thus for the time settled, the aggressive designs of Russia in the Caucasus and in Persia soon caused a renewal of anxiety at Constantinople.
Pericles may now have hoped to resume his aggressive policy in Greece Proper, but the events of the following years completely disillusioned him.
Wesley and his helpers, finding the Anglican churches closed against them, took to preaching in the open air; and this method is still followed, more or less, in the aggressive evangelistic work of all the Methodist Churches.
Shams-uddin's aggressive character roused the people of Iconium against him, and during a riot in which Jalal-uddin's eldest son, 'Ala-uddin, was killed, he was arrested and probably executed; at least he was no more seen.
He strengthened the cordial understanding with France by a formal agreement, the terms of which were not divulged, but he never encouraged the French government in any aggressive designs, and he maintained friendly relations with Germany.
Consequently Great Britain, and still more Austria, were Russia's natural allies, while the aggressive and energetic king of Prussia was a danger to be guarded against.
Siqueira's expedition ended in failure, owing partly to the aggressive attitude of the Portuguese, partly to the very justifiable suspicions of the Malays, and he was presently forced to destroy one of his vessels, to leave a number of his men in captivity, and to sail direct for Portugal.
This pertinacity engendered a belief in France that Italy was about to undertake in Tunisia a more aggressive policy than necessary for the protection of her commercial interests.
It argued no ordinary foresight thus to recognize that Hungary's strategy in her contest with the Turks must be strictly defensive, and the wisdom of Sigismund was justified by the disasters which almost invariably overcame the later Magyar kings whenever they ventured upon aggressive warfare with the sultans.
Since Bennigsen, who corresponded with the Emperor and had more influence than anyone else on the staff, had begun to avoid him, Kutuzov was more at ease as to the possibility of himself and his troops being obliged to take part in useless aggressive movements.
Richard Hooker, again with traces of Aquinas, uses the conception as a weapon against Puritanism, with its aggressive positivism of scriptural precept.
Russia's advance westward raised indirectly the Eastern Question, because it threatened two of France's traditional allies, Sweden and Poland, and Choiseul considered that the best means of checkmating Catherine's l aryl, aggressive schemes was to incite France's third traditional ally, Turkey, to attack her.
While in public life Conkling always attracted attention by his abilities, his keenness and eloquence in debate, his aggressive leadership and his striking personality.
This aggressive character has a different aspect in several genera which are destitute of a central stylet, but in which the surface that is turned outwards upon eversion of the proboscis is largely pro- P. vided with nematocysts, sending the urticating rods of different sizes in all directions.
Palmerston, supported by Russell and well served by Lord Stratford de Redcliffe, British ambassador at Constantinople, favoured a more aggressive policy, and Aberdeen, unable to control Palmerston, and unwilling to let Russell go, cannot be exonerated from blame.
Abd-ul-Hamid had always resisted the pressure of the European Powers to the last moment, in order to seem to yield only to overwhelming force, while posing as the champion of Islam against aggressive Christendom.
New Zealand was poorly stocked with a weak flora; the more robust and aggressive one of the north temperate region was ready at any moment to invade it-, but was held back by physical barriers which human aid has alone enabled it to surpass.
Rumours of this gigantic scheme reached Constantinople, and as Catherine's menacing attitude left little doubt as to her aggressive intentions the Porte presented an ultimatum and finally declared war ().
The limits at each end, however, are very ill defined, the superior falling not later than  B.C. and the inferior not earlier than boo B.C. This people was militant, aggressive and unsettled in the earlier part of that time; commercial, wealthy and enervated in the latter.
He considered switching a digit and feigning a mistake but he knew these guys would figure he was hiding something and be all the more aggressive when they questioned Cynthia.
Erasistratus, instead of following Hippocrates as Herophilus did, depreciated him, and seems to have been rather aggressive and independent in his views.
The conduct of Lord Cochrane, as he was called till the death of his father, was brilliant and was rewarded by the order of the Bath, but his aggressive temper led him into making attacks on the admiral which necessitated a court-martial on Gambier.
As soon as the march of conquest had reached its natural limit, slavery began to be modified; and when the empire was divided into the several states which had grown up under it, and the system of defence characteristic of the middle ages was substituted for the aggressive system of antiquity, slavery gradually disappeared, and was replaced by serfdom.
The storm which shook the external states was favourable to the peace of Judah; the Assyrian power was practically broken, and that of the Chaldeans had scarcely developed into an aggressive form.
In August  Montcalm took Oswego from the English and destroyed it, and in  he captured Fort William Henry; but in the latter year the elder Pitt assumed control of affairs in England, and his aggressive, clear-sighted policy turned the tide of war in England's favour.
The area of the United States, as here considered, exclusive of Alaska and outlying possessions, occupies a belt nearly twenty degrees of middle latitude in width, and crosses Boundaries sad Area, North America from the Atlantic to the Pacific. The southern boundary is naturally defined on the east by the Gulf of Mexico; its western extension crosses obliquely over the western highlands, along an irregular line determined by aggressive Americans of Anglo-Saxon stock against Americans of Spanish stock.
A lightweight, hardwearing and durable rubber outsole with aggressive cleats and flex grooves ensures maximum grip while you move freely around.
It adds a decisively aggressive character to an organ the original significance of which, as we have seen, was tactile.
This article, which was based upon a mass of incriminating documents supplied to Friedjung by the Austro-Hungarian Foreign Office, had been timed to coincide with the outbreak of hostilities against Serbia, and was to have been the first of a series convicting the Serbian Government and dynasty of aggressive and even murderous designs.
In vain the powers, now united in their views, warned him of the probable consequences of any aggressive action on his part.
It was alert, cheerful and aggressive, was greatly helped by the attacks of rival papers, and promised success almost from the start.
He succeeded Kaufmann (q.v.) as governor of Turkestan in , but his aggressive policy led to his recall two years later, when he was appointed a member of the council of war at St Petersburg.
The Germans had for long past given up all efforts at Germanization; their watchword was " maintenance of the national status quo " - that is to say, not an aggressive but a defensive principle.
Accepting as a fait accompli the existence of the triple alliance, created by Bismarck for the purpose of resisting any aggressive action on the part of Russia and France, he sought to establish more friendly relations with the cabinets of Berlin, Vienna and Rome.
On Wednesday and Thursday, January th and th,  , the friends of aggressive Christianity in Wales met at Wadford, near Caerphilly, Glam., in order to organize their societies.
Even as the minister of a constitutional monarch his intolerance of interference or joint authority, his temper at once imperious and intriguing, his inveterate inclination towards brigue, that is to say, underhand rivalry and caballing for power and place, showed themselves unfavourably; and his constant tendency to inflame the aggressive and chauvinist spirit of his country neglected fact, was not based on any just estimate of the relative power and interests of France, and led his country more than once to the verge of a great calamity.
As captain of the brig "Norfolk" of  guns, he was employed in cruising against the French, who were as aggressive against American commerce as the English.
A lifelong Southern Democrat, he was forced to lead (nominally at least) a party of Northern Republicans, with whom he had no bond of sympathy save a common opposition to secession; and his ardent, aggressive convictions and character, above all his complete lack of tact, unfitted him to deal successfully with the passionate partisanship of Congress.
Wellington's intimate association for several years with the sovereigns and statesmen of the Grand Alliance, and his experience of the evils which the Alliance existed to hold in check, naturally led him to dislike Canning's aggressive attitude towards the autocratic powers, and to view with some apprehension his determination to break with the European concert.
The French occupation was costly and aggressive; and the Hanoverians, many of whom were found in the allied armies, welcomed the fall of Napoleon and the return of the old order.
Finally, after President Lincoln's election, he became a Republican, and as such was re-elected in  to the national House of Representatives, in which he at once became one of the most radical and aggressive members, his views commanding especial attention owing to his being one of the few representatives from a slave state.
The more aggressive protectionists among Mr Chamberlain's supporters had lately become very confident, and Mr Balfour plainly repudiated "protection" in so far as it meant a policy aiming at supporting or creating home industries by raising home prices; but he introduced a new point by declaring that an Imperial Conference would be called to discuss with the colonies the question of preferential tariffs if the Unionist government obtained a majority at the next general election.
A few possible cases of aggressive mimicry are enumerated in the following summary of some of the recorded cases of mimicry in different classes of the animal kingdom; but the phenomenon is of comparatively rare occurrence, and the supposed instances may be susceptible of other interpretations, excluding them altogether from mimicry, or bringing them under the Batesian or Miillerian interpretation of the phenomenon.
It has therefore been suggested by some and taken for granted by others that the resemblance comes under the category of aggressive mimicry and that the ants are deluded by this resemblance into regarding the spiders as members of their own species.
Having for some time learnt to be aggressive, she girded herself for the difficult work of teaching the nations a higher faith than a savage form of nature-worship, and of fitting them to become members of an enlightened Christendom.
The Arab, transported to a soil which does not always suit him, so far from thriving, tends to disappear, whereas the Berber becomes more and more aggressive, and yearly increases in numbers.
The renewal of an aggressive policy thus announced to the world soon produced a new crisis in the Eastern Question, which had meanwhile become complicated by the growth of Pan-Slav ideals in eastern Europe.
For more than fifty years the Roman world was undisturbed by any aggressive act on the part of the new invaders, who contented themselves with overpowering various tribes which lived to the north of the Danube.
Conditions both in Ohio and in Congress had placed him, and were to keep him for twenty years, in an attitude of aggressive and uncompromising partisanship. His Congressional district was naturally Democratic, and its boundaries were changed two or three times by Democratic legislatures for the purpose of so grouping Democratic strongholds as to cause his defeat.
It is inconceivable that, to a man with his type of mind and his extraordinary experience, the practical sagacity, farsightedness and aggressive courage of the Federalists should not have seemed to embody the best political wisdom, however little he may have been disposed to ally himself with any party group or subscribe to any comprehensive creed.
Whilst they remain with her she is peculiarly vicious and aggressive, defending them with the greatest courage and energy, and when robbed of them is terrible in her rage; but she has been known to desert them when pressed, and even to eat them when starved.
Chile disclaimed any aggressive intentions; but in December the Bolivian congress declined to relinquish their claim to a port, and refused to conclude a definite treaty of peace.
Vigorous and aggressive as a critic, his articles on literature and art in Villemessant's paper L' Evenement created a good deal of interest.
These larger, more aggressive crayfish easily out-compete the white clawed crayfish, which will be moved to a water course in North Somerset.
Bullying is defined as intentionally hurting another person, whether physically or verbally, with aggressive behavior for the purpose of gaining power over another person or group.
Here was a tempting field for the application of Catherine's aggressive policy, and if she had had to deal merely with the Poles she would have had an easy task.
He was the founder and head of the Evangelical Union established to combat the aggressive tendencies of the Roman Catholics.
Even then the new league would not fight and allowed Louis to retain his conquests by the truce of Regensburg (), but none the less these humiliations gave rise to a more closelyknit and aggressive coalition, which was organized in  and known as the League of Augsburg.
He had to face the dominant fact of the situation - the aggressive pressure of Germany at a time when Russia was drifting into an internal crisis of the first magnitude and was unable to concentrate the material and moral forces required in the coming conflict.
As England withdrew from her alliance with Louis XIV., the other powers of Europe, frightened by the growth of the aggressive French power, began to come forward to the support of Holland.
Thoroughly disliking Prussia, he was in hearty accord with George in resisting her aggressive policy; and after the annexation of Hanover in  he accompanied the exiled king to Hietzing.
Friction had soon arisen with New Netherland, although, owing to their common dislike of the English, the Swedes and the Dutch had maintained a formal friendship. In , however, Peter Stuyvesant, governor of New Netherland, and more aggressive than his predecessors, built Fort Casimir, near what is now New Castle.
He may be called the inventor of poetical satire, as he was the first to impress upon the rude inartistic medley, known to the Romans by the name of satura, that character of aggressive  "And so it happens that the whole life of the old man stands clearly before us, as if it were represented on a votive picture."
After the rupture of the peace negotiations with England, which resulted from the coup d'etat of Fructidor, the policy of France became more warlike and aggressive.
It was in Germany, however, seemingly the weakest and least aggressive of the European states, that the first permanent and successful revolts against the papal monarchy occurred.
The Federalist domination had been succeeded by Whig rule in the state; but after the death of the great Whig, Daniel Webster, in , all parties disintegrated, re-aligning themselves gradually in an aggressive anti-slavery party and the temporizing Democratic party.
She had exhausted every art of diplomatic obstruction to the aggressive action of France; her counterstroke to the unexpectedly easy victory of the French arms was the formal recognition of the revolted colonies as independent states.
Another important event was the action of the government as regards the question of arbitration between Great Britain and Venezuela, in which Richard Olney, the secretary of state, played a somewhat aggressive part.
He did not seek employment in the field in the aggressive wars of Napoleon, remaining a sincere republican, but in , when France itself was once more in danger, Carnot at once offered his services.
Hence it is probable that this case of mimicry is purely of a protective and not of an aggressive nature and serves to save the flies from destruction by insectivorous enemies.
He was one of the twentyfive appointed to enforce the promises of Magna Carta; and his aggressive attitude was one of the causes which contributed to the recrudescence of civil war ().
Although he often gave offence by his haughty and aggressive disposition, few German princes have earned so thoroughly the goodwill of posterity.
Then the Romanists, under the guidance of Cardinal Campeggio and the archduke Ferdinand, met at Regensburg and decided to take strong and aggressive measures to destroy Lutheranism, while, on the other hand, representatives of the cities met at Spires and at Ulm, and asserted their intenfion of forwarding and protecting the teaching of the reformed doctrines.
An inspired article in the Grenzbolen declared the object of this to be to moderate at once the aggressive attitude of the Pan-Germans towards Great Britain and British alarms at the naval development of Germany.
In the Senate he was one of the aggressive Republican leaders, strongly supporting the administration of President M`Kinley (whose name he presented to the Republican National Conventions of  and ) in the debatespreceding, during, and immediately following the Spanish-American War, and later, during the administration of President Roosevelt, was conspicuous among Republican leaders for his independence.
He may be regarded also as the inventor of Roman satire, in its original sense of a "medley" or "miscellany," although it was by Lucilius that the character of aggressive and censorious criticism of men and manners was first imparted to that form of literature.
Since the Church of England, whatever her attitude towards the traditional Catholic doctrines, never disputed the validity of Catholic orders whether Roman or Orthodox, nor the jurisdiction of Catholic bishops in foreign countries, the expansion of the Anglican Church has been in no sense conceived as a Protestant aggressive movement against Rome.
In  he was appointed secretary of legation; but the aggressive ultramontanism of the Curia became increasingly intolerable to his overwrought nature, and in  he was transferred, at his own request, as secretary of legation to Dresden.
The outlook for the papacy was dark; Portugal was talking of a patriarchate; France held Avignon; Naples held Ponte Corvo and Benevento; Spain was ill-affected; Parma, defiant; Venice, aggressive; Poland meditating a restriction of the rights of the nuncio.
When the slave power became more aggressive, in and after the year , Clay defended the right of petition for the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia, and opposed Calhoun's bill forbidding the use of the mails to "abolition" newspapers and documents.
And looking back upon that course afterwards, he records with much complacency how his earliest St Andrews sermon built up a whole fabric of aggressive Protestantism upon Puritan theory, so that his startled hearers muttered, "Others sned (snipped) the branches; this man strikes at the root."
The year closed with a frontier incident between Chile and Argentina in the disputed territory of Ultima Esperanza, where some Argentine colonists were ejected by Chilean police; but both governments signed protocols agreeing not to take aggressive action in consequence.
Licinius rassus, the triumvir, ill  B.C., took the aggressive against Parthia, the occasion being favorable owing to the dynastic troubles between Orodes I., the son of Phraates .., and his brother Mithradates III.
At this time not only was there religious fanaticism at work to stir up the mutual hatred ever existing between Sunni and Shiah, but the intrigue of European courts was probably directed towards the maintenance of an hostility which deterred the sultan from aggressive operations north and west of Constantinople.
The Russian envoy, who had appeared among tne tents of the besieging army almost simultaneously with his English colleague, no sooner found himself alone in his diplomacy than he resumed his aggressive counsels, and little more than a fortnight had elapsed since MNeills departure when a vigorous assault, planned, it is asserted, by Simonich himself, was made upon Herat.
Left to take care of themselves, islands in a sea of turbulence, they grew in the sense of self-reliance and independence; they grew also to be aggressive, quarrelsome and ambitious.
He was essentially a North Carolinian first, and an American afterwards; and throughout his career he was an aggressive advocate of state sovereignty and an adherent of the doctrines of the "Old Republicans."
Theystood, therefore, at a great disadvantage when a new and aggressive Catholic power appeared in Gaul through the conversion of the Frank Clovis or Chlodwig.
It is, however, only fair to note that he always regarded Pitt with strong personal affection, and that he may very naturally have been influenced, as multitudes of other Englishmen were, by the rapid development of the French Revolution from a reforming to an aggressive and conquering force.
His influence over the Dutch members was supreme, and in addition to directing the policy of the Bond within the Cape Colony, he supported and defended the aggressive expansion policy of President Kruger and the Transvaal Boers.
The conservative and timid Leibnitz was beaten on the battlefield of politics and public law, and the aggressive spirit of Pufendorf aggravated yet more the dispute, and so widened the division.
At one of the great Manchester meetings he said, "Da not suppose, because I counsel firmness and decision at the right moment, that I am of that school of statesmen who are favourable to a turbulent and aggressive diplomacy.
The Triple Alliance of  between Germany, Austria and Italy was ostensibly directed to the preservation of European peace against any possible aggressive action of France or Russia; and this led in turn, some ten years later, to the Dual Alliance between Russia and France, for mutual support in case of any hostile action of the other powers.
It must have been composed in a time of natural gloom and depression, after Yahweh's anger had been provoked by "a very froward generation," certainly not before the Assyrian Empire had loomed up against the political horizon, aggressive and menacing.
The increasing violence of the Conservative press and opposition, the divisions developing in the ranks of liberalism, and the restlessness of the agricultural protectionists led by Seor Gamazo, did not weigh so much in the balance at court against Sagasta as the aggressive attitude of the military politicians.
An orator of a business-like, straightforward type, cool and hard-hitting, his spare figure, incisive features and single eye-glass soon made him a favourite subject for the caricaturist; and in later life his aggressive personality, and the peculiarly irritating effect it had on his opponents, made his actions and speeches the object of more controversy than was the lot of any other politician of his time.
During the summer of  he was employed partly in attacking the enemy in Cyprus, but mainly in taking possession of the Istrian and Dalmatian towns which supported the Hungarians from fear of the aggressive ambition of Venice.
Grenville's attitude in this matter was somewhat aggressive; his colleagues were not unanimous in supporting him, and Sheridan, one of them, said "he had known many men knock their heads against a wall, but he had never before heard of any man who collected the bricks and built the very wall with an intention to knock out his own brains against it."
At the time of the Vatican Council (-) he was known to be opposed to the definition of Papal infallibility, and in a private letter to his bishop (Ullathorne), surreptitiously published, he denounced the "insolent and aggressive faction" that had pushed the matter forward.
A firm will, tireless energy, aggressive courage and bold self-confidence were its leading qualities; the word " intensity " perhaps best sums up his character.
He taught almost the same principles of devotion as Segarelli, but the Messianic character which he attributed to himself, the announcement of a communistic millennial kingdom, and, besides, an aggressive anti-sacerdotalism, gave to Dolcino's sect a clearly marked character, analogous only to the theocratic community of the Anabaptists of Minster in the th century.
In , moreover, he refused to join the triple alliance against France, but soon afterwards became aware of the danger to his country from the aggressive policy of Louis.
Finding an ally in the duke of Urbino, whose eyes were now opened to the aggressive policy of the church, he was able to repulse its forces.
The youngest will be verbally aggressive if I suggest anything regarding getting some gainful employment, and will blame me for all his misfortunes.
They may experience racing thoughts or a heightened energy level during the aggressive episode, with fatigue and depression developing shortly afterward.
Parents may need to seek professional psychological help for children suffering from peer rejection, especially when the child is depressed or shows overly aggressive behavior.
If a child becomes too aggressive or angry, the parent or caregiver may remove the child from the upsetting situation.
An aggressive accent by US protectionism on pushing US trading interests overseas would be severely detrimental to the economies of the south.
Any more and you can seem aggressive, much less and you appear evasive Don't worry about the interviewer taking notes.
We put on our best bowling performance of the season with Rory McElearney getting some good accurate away swing against aggressive batting.
Further examples of Japanese bestiality and manic aggressive behavior continued throughout the second world war against enemy service men and civilians.
I should send an email to A&M and ask them if it's possible from the sticks to get aggressive when disturbed when nesting.
Normative agents fled from known aggressive agents, forgoing social interaction but also forgoing the possibility of theft and a loss to their strength.
In the area of inertial confinement fusion (ICF ), the Department is conducting an aggressive research program to support the stockpile.
The reinforced upper, including a gusseted tongue and the X enhanced aggressive outsole complete this trail machine capable of overcoming any terrain.
The venom of the wasp contains a pheromone that acts as an alarm causing other wasps to become more aggressive.
The April  Wall Street Journal ran a story about some of the newer, more aggressive advertising ploys on the Net.
The Kenyan government's aggressive pursuit of land privatization, for example, has proved highly prejudicial to pastoral groups such as the Maasai.
I don't like these people, because unlike the traditional tin rattlers - they are very aggressive and prey on the vulnerable.
In negative reciprocity, bad reputation may lead to the avoidance of aggressive agents even without personal experience of the aggressor.
The overwhelming majority of parents opposed the repeal of Section  precisely because they feared it would lead to the aggressive promotion of homosexuality.
It is softly and elegantly aggressive, sculpted to express the powerful personality of a prestigious high performance, surprisingly roomy car.
However, suppose an alien civilization somehow finds a way to launch the aggressive colonization of other planetary systems while avoiding self-destruction.
Mature males are most aggressive to each other during the autumn rut when potentially fatal injuries can be inflicted from their sharp tusks.
The aggressive attitude of Chile towards Bolivia was causing considerable anxiety, and Argentina and Brazil wished to show that they were united in opposing a policy which aimed at acquiring an extension of territory by force of arms. The feeling of enmity between Chile and Argentina was indeed anything but extinct.
Fortifnately, however, this policy was not successful, as military service is less unpopular in Italy than in many other countries; aggressive militarism is quite unknown, and without it anti-militarism can gain no foothold.
Their name is variously derived from the building in Athens called Cynosarges, the earliest home of the school, and from the Greek word for a dog (Ki wv), in contemptuous allusion to the uncouth and aggressive manners adopted by the members of the school.
Such salutary reforms were naturally unwelcome to the aggressive neighbours who wished to preserve the traditional anarchy in order to have new facilities for intervention, and as Russia had signed with the puppet-king in  a treaty by which the constitution could not be modified without her consent, she had a plausible ground for protest.
This time Mehemet Ali was supported by the French government, which aimed at establishing predominant influence in Egypt, but he was successfully opposed by a coalition of Great Britain, Russia, Austria and Prussia, which checkmated the aggressive designs of France by the convention of London (July , ) (see Mehemet Ali and Turkey).
The tsar was reluctant to bind himself by a formal treaty, because the French government did not offer the requisite guarantees of stability, and because he feared that it might be induced, by the prospect of Russian support, to assume an aggressive attitude towards Germany.
But the aggressive policy of Russia in the direction of the Caspian and Black Seas became more and more evident; complaints reached the Porte of a violation of the neutrality of Kabardia, of a seditious propaganda in Moldavia by Russian monks, and of Russian aid given to the malcontents in Servia and Montenegro.
The Cleveland Chamber of Commerce, an organization of  leading business men, is a power for varied good in the city; besides its constant and aggressive work in promoting the commercial interests of the city, it was largely influential in the federal reform of the consular service; it studied the question of overcrowded tenements and secured the passage of a new tenement law with important sanitary provisions and a set minimum of air space; it urges and promotes home-gardening, public baths and play-grounds, and lunch-rooms, &c., for employes in factories; and it was largely instrumental in devising and carrying out the so-called "Group Plan" described above.
The alienation of Croat and Magyar - for centuries close allies in the struggle against the Turk - grew rapidly in the 'forties, mainly owing to the aggressive legislation passed by successive Hungarian diets, and tending to curtail Croatia's ancient liberties and extend the sway of the Magyar language.
Entering parliament in  as deputy of the extreme Left for Castelvetrano, Crispi acquired the reputation of being the most aggressive and most impetuous member of the republican party.
It cannot be denied that men like Roger Williams and some of the persecuted Quakers, though undeniably contentious and aggressive in their conscientious dissent, showed a spirit which to-day seems sweeter in tolerance and humanity than that of the Puritans.
This weakness was due not to attacks from without - for orthodox Protestantism had long since lost its aggressive force - but to disruptive tendencies within the Church; the Enlightenment of the th century had sapped the foundations of the faith among the world of intellect and fashion; the development of Gallicanism and Febronianism threatened to leave the Holy See but a shadowy pre-eminence over a series of national churches, and even to obliterate the frontier line between Catholicism and Protestantism.
It has been claimed that the resemblance between some of the Oriental tree-shrews of the genus Tupaia and squirrels comes under the category of aggressive mimicry, the tupaias being enabled by their likeness to approach and pounce upon small birds or other animals which, mistaking them for the vegetable-feeding squirrels, make no effort to get out of the way.
I do n't like these people, because unlike the traditional tin rattlers - they are very aggressive and prey on the vulnerable.
Even hand reared kittens which you would think would be lovable can all too easily turn out to be aggressive.
He 's very tall and well built and arrived in a singlet vest, with oiled muscles rippling, and was very aggressive !
In contrast to other European governments, particularly the French, Labor has been supine in the face of aggressive American policy.
We continue to advocate an aggressive, optimistic approach for those patients with clinically confined tumors with isolated venous tumor thrombus extension.
The trill call is an aggressive call and is interspersed with the advertisement call possibly as a means of defending the calling site.
You will be aggressive when making and following through on plans, and can easily visualize where you want to be together.
Latin American cultures have traditionally had a great respect for machismo but women are now tiring of this aggressive masculinity.
There are times to be aggressive and times to be conservative, and if they know where they are on the startup map, they can respond appropriately.
The risk is also higher for dogs that have not been neutered, as they tend to be more territorial and aggressive.
Skatebuys has a terrific selection of inline skates and equipment, including skates designed for women, juniors, aggressive skaters, and hockey players.
If you have overly aggressive fish mixed with docile "community" type fish, you may find yourself with a tank of dead or injured fish.
Due to current high gas prices and other financial issues, many car makes like Chevy, Hyundai, Toyota, Ford and Honda are offering more aggressive pricing.
Whenever my cat goes into heat, she is really affectionate with me, but when she's out of heat, I'm the one person in the household she is most aggressive toward.
Anyway, I managed to stop her brother before he did much of anything, but ever since then his sister has been really aggressive towards him.
If there is no aggressive behavior, keep a close eye and hopefully the bonding process will begin and they will slowly become the best of friends.
If you notice one of the cats becoming more aggressive, try removing that cat from the situation to another area in the house.
There is growing evidence that a yearly booster may cause an aggressive tumor at the injection site, but this matter is still under study so no revisions have been made to the vaccination schedule yet.
You want the cat to leave the dog's food alone, and if the dog thinks his food is going to be taken away by the cat, he may become aggressive.
The first thing I would do is invest in a cat cage with some levels where the cat can roam and climb and confine the aggressive cat when you are not home.
Some particularly aggressive cats will attempt to cut off the new pet from the feeding area as a way of defending their territory from intruders.
If the situation becomes dangerous for any of your cats, do not be ashamed to place the most aggressive cat in another home.
Not all collectors are trained the same way; some may be more lenient while others have a more aggressive approach.
Remember that being aggressive towards how much you pay each month is helpful and will reduce your debt, but you need to be able to make that payment to see the results.
It is important to note that this method of application is not nearly as aggressive or harsh as that of the reciprocating machine.
Don't be pushy or aggressive - you're asking for a favor here - and don't attach anything to your e-mail, even your resume.
On the other hand, aggressive skiers who pummel down endless mogul fields or crud will cinch their bindings down, using a higher DIN setting to prevent premature binding release.
It is not quite as stiff as the RT STI R racing boot, but definitely made for those who are more aggressive skiers.
Those starting out in the sport may want a shorter ski that is easier to control whereas advanced skiers prefer longer skis that can pick up speed and handle more aggressive skiing.
By communicating your needs and concerns clearly and in a way that is assertive without being aggressive, you are conveying your anger in a manner that is positive and healthy.
In addition, counseling can help you find better ways of resolving problems by communicating more directly and constructively and by being assertive rather than aggressive.
According to DrugFree.org, people who use this drug usually appear very alert and energized initially, but then begin to display a depressed mood or aggressive behavior as the high wears off.
As pink is a derivative of red, these two colors can work to brighten your color scheme without being aggressive or boring such as when pink and sage green are used.
Anyone who saw Wedding Crashers will likely remember it in great part due to Fisher's breakout performance as an aggressive, sex-obsessed young nymphomaniac.
Sure, sure, the paparazzi can be very aggressive and invasive and that has to get more than annoying - there should definitely be limits as to how the very aggressive photographers pursue celebrities.
Despite the severity of his illness, he recovered after an aggressive series of treatments, including several surgeries and rounds of chemotherapy.
Eventually however, it came to light that Nadya Suleman already had six young children at home, had no job or source of income and became pregnant with her eight babies after aggressive fertility treatments.
Applegate chose an aggressive form of treatment by undergoing a double mastectomy, even though the cancer was only found in one breast.
Although good-natured at heart, They may become aggressive or problematic if they are not properly socialized with other dogs and people.
Along with these physical characteristics, only dogs with the most dominant personalities have been selected for breeding, eventually resulting in animals with die-hard aggressive qualities who are willing to fight on command.
I have a seven-year-old Shar-Pei/Pitbull mix that has never been bred and was severely aggressive when approached for that purpose.
These professionals are the most adept at figuring out why dogs behave as they do, and this may be your best and last chance to put a stop to your dog's aggressive behavior.
Keep in mind that the dog will not be a puppy forever, and you don't want an overly aggressive dog no matter how cute it is.
Use this rating system as a guide to select the right toy if you have an aggressive player or chewer.
While it is true that some breeds may be more protective or even aggressive, not all dogs in all breeds will have the same personality or aggressive tendencies.
Although dog fighting may be illegal in most parts of the world, the popularity of the activity caused unscrupulous breeders to sell dogs that were overly aggressive.
While not aggressive, Cavachons will bark to alert the family of visitors or when they hear sounds they don't recognize.
Never hit your dog or slap his face for biting because this only teaches him to fear you, and your aggression will eventually encourage more aggressive behavior from him.
Entire litters may still develop parvo even after administering vaccines accordingly because the vaccine can't provide sufficient protection against certain aggressive strains of the parvovirus such as CPV-c.
While most honeysuckle vines do not share the same nasty reputation for aggressive growth for which bush honeysuckle varieties are infamous, some varieties can be invasive.
As a result, the flowers are showy and fragrant, but the vine is not overly aggressive the way pure exotics can be.
If you try to play smooth jazz with a Fender Telecaster, the sound produced would probably be way too bright and aggressive for that style of music.
Enduring mythical lyricism peppered with political commentary and an aggressive yet melodic rock beat work together to make BOC tablature a hot commodity for guitar players.
Four percent of children received aggressive solicitation from adults who attempted to meet the children in person, compared to  percent in .
When dementia becomes severe, people often hallucinate, develop aggressive tendencies, and convince themselves that they have participated in activities and events that never occurred.
One study by the American Psychology Association found that gamers who have played violent video games tended to have more aggressive tendencies than those who didn't.
Another study found that after a group of gamers played a first person shooter, opponents would often be aggressive towards each other during and for a period after playing the game with emotional and verbal abuse.
Every round you complete, you get a bit of your health back, but don't rely on this too much, as the opponents get more aggressive as each round progresses.
Most gamers are able to tell the difference between what is real and what is a video game, but an increase in aggressive thoughts and feelings is possible in other gamers.
They may never act out the same things in reality, but this thought and behavior may become aggressive, which affects those around him or her.
In this rendition, the Master Chief and Cortana return to Earth to try to prevent an aggressive alien civilization, the Covenant, from taking over.
If he's overaggressive, the game won't run on many PCs; if he's not aggressive enough, the game won't take advantage of the power of the average PC.
Taking on the role of American Sergeant Nathan Hale, you lead a troop of soldiers who must do battle against the increasingly aggressive (and intelligent) Chimera.
Quick and aggressive play is necessary as you must balance building your base with having an army capable of attacking.
Some races are more aggressive, some are adaptable to harsh climates etc. You will also encounter other races that may want to form an alliance with you, (or kill you).
The results of these findings indicate that the video games appeared to impact a part of the brain that influenced aggressive behavior and concentration.
When a wine's acidity is too high, it's flavor is too tart and aggressive, too low and the wine will taste dull, bland and flabby.
The bear may be curious and stand on its hind legs to check you out, but this is not an aggressive stance on its part.
If the cancer is highly aggressive and cure is not likely, treatment will be aimed at relieving symptoms and controlling the cancer for as long as possible.
One study done on eighth and ninth graders compared teens who generally had personalities considered non-aggressive but who played violent games to those teens who had aggressive personalities but did not play violent games.
The researchers found that the non-aggressive, video game playing teens were actually more likely to get in physical fights than the teens considered aggressive but who did not play video games.
If a child has violent or aggressive behavior or a tendency to mimic the negative actions taken by characters in a video game it may be helpful to consult a mental health professional to discuss possible solutions.
The fact that siblings quarrel with each other does not necessarily mean that they will be inconsiderate, hostile, or aggressive in their dealings with others outside the family.
Also at age three, children begin to apply gender labels and stereotypes, identifying gentle, empathic characteristics with females and strong and aggressive characteristics with males.
In addition, aggressive children are more likely to be rejected if they are hyperactive, immature, and lacking in positive social skills.
Children who display aggressive or disruptive behavior often have many discouraging experiences at school, including discipline problems and learning difficulties, as well as poor peer relations.
Peers may attempt to "get back" at these children by teasing, which only increases the frustrations and helplessness experienced by aggressive, disruptive children.
Another intervention strategy focuses on helping children who are having trouble getting along with others because of angry, aggressive, or bossy behavior.
As children get older, family interaction styles and the ways in which parents discipline may play a primary role in the development of noncompliant or aggressive behaviors in children.
When children generalize the aggressive and oppositional behavior that they have learned at home to their interactions with peers, other children often reject them.
For example, aggressive children are more likely to interpret an accidental push or bump from a peer as intentionally hostile and respond accordingly.
There are indications that a tendency toward developing periodontal disease is genetic, with up to  percent of the population being highly susceptible despite aggressive oral hygiene habits.
Others who believe humans are innately aggressive and completely self-oriented are more likely to accept psychoanalytic theories where morality is the learned management of socially destructive internal drives.
They are more aggressive and more physically active, preferring noisy, boisterous forms of play that require larger groups and more space than the play of girls the same age.
Also at age three, children begin to apply gender labels and stereotypes, identifying gentle, empathic characteristics with females and strong, aggressive characteristics with males.
Intermittent explosive disorder is characterized by episodes of aggressive and violent outbursts and loss and lack of control of anger.
Low self-esteem may occur when these children, who already feel embarrassed, are further humiliated by angry or frustrated parents who punish them or who are overly aggressive about toilet training.
Parents may need to seek professional psychological help for children suffering from low self-esteem when the child is depressed or shows overly aggressive behavior.
Parents may need to seek professional psychological help for children who suffer from peer rejection, especially when the child is depressed or shows overly aggressive behavior.
A child who has been neglected or abused suffers psychological damage that may make him or her withdrawn, immature, aggressive, or otherwise difficult to reach.
Therefore, even if no causative factor is uncovered for a child with FTT, aggressive dietary management is the key to successful treatment.
People with paranoid personality disorder are untrusting, unforgiving, and often resort to angry or aggressive outbursts without justification because they see others as unfaithful, disloyal, or dishonest.
Careful monitoring is necessary, and in some cases aggressive treatment may include eliminating the swelling and inflammation that is compressing the nerve as quickly as possible.
Cross-cultural studies show that babies who are held, massaged, carried, rocked, and breast fed grow into less aggressive and violent adults who demonstrate a greater degree of compassion and cooperation.
Aggressive nonsurgical support and careful timing of surgical intervention have improved overall survival; however, this condition can be fatal in about one third of cases.
Parents should also realize that although severe kidney involvement is rare, if it does occur, it may require aggressive treatment and long-term care.
As a result, many of these children, especially boys, are much more aggressive than others their own age, leading to behavior problems both at home and at school.
During - the breach between the two rivals widened, because Napoleon became more and more aggressive and unceremonious in Italy and Germany.
The setae are organs of locomotion, though their large size and occasionally jagged edges in some of the Polychaeta suggest an aggressive function.
Whether as a result of his fear of the rivalry of Jem, or of his personal character, Bayezid showed little of the aggressive spirit of his warlike predecessors; and Machiavelli said that another such sultan would cause Turkey to cease being a menace to Europe.
For six years (-) the electorate was devastated by the French troops, and even after the Treaty of Nijmwegen it suffered from the aggressive policy of Louis.
Obviously the empire can never have been at peace during these years, a fact which materially assisted the aggressive campaigns Wars with of Trajan (II).
In February  the war with Holland was closed by the treaty of London or of Westminster, though Charles still gave Louis a free hand in his aggressive policy towards the Netherlands, and the Cabal was driven from office.
As a man he shows many of the strong qualities of the old Roman plebeian - the aggressive boldness, the intolerance of superiority and privilege, which animated the tribunes in their opposition to the senatorian rule.
His stronghold was taken after very severe fighting by a colonial force, but, their defeat notwithstanding, the Basutos remained in a restless and aggressive condition for several years.
In the course of the speech he also read a telegram from President Steyn, in which the president repudiated all contemplated aggressive action on the part of the Free State as absurd.
Bradlaugh, who had attained some notoriety for an Bradlan b aggressive atheism, claimed the right to make an affirmation of allegiance instead of taking the customary oath, which he declared was, in his eyes, a meaningless form.
This way of solving, or passing over, the ultimate problems of thought has had many followers in cultured circles imbued with the new physical science of the day, and with disgust for the dogmatic creeds of contemporary orthodoxy; and its outspoken and even aggressive vindication by physicists of the eminence of Huxley had a potent influence upon the attitude taken towards metaphysics, and upon the form which subsequent Christian apologetics adopted.
As to foreign affairs, its aggressive policy imperilled the conquests that had been the glory of the Convention, and caused the frontiers of France, the defence of which had been a point of honor with the Republic, to be called in question.
In order to win back public opinion, tired of internecine quarrels and sickened by the scandalous Aggressive immorality of the generals and of those in power, policy and to remove from Paris an army which after having of the given them a fresh lease of life was now a menace to Directory.
The whole of this region is a well-known hotbed of fanaticism, the headquarters of the Achakzais, the most aggressive of all Durani tribes.
More critical negative behaviors including aggressive or abusive actions toward other children, animals, adults, or even themselves are usually a more serious and longer-lasting form of acting out.
Some are able to control aggressive impulses without acting on them while others act out in less destructive ways, such as screaming at someone rather than attacking them physically.
The longer a patient is ill with Lyme disease before treatment, the longer the course of therapy must be, and the more aggressive the treatment.
If aggressive antibiotic therapy is given early and the patient cooperates fully and sticks to the medication schedule, recovery should be complete.
Children and adolescents with ODD do not exhibit the more serious aggressive behaviors or physical cruelty that is common in other disorders.
In a study of more than  children, University of Michigan researchers discovered that children who were viewed as the most aggressive by their peers at age eight grew up to commit increasingly more serious crimes as adults.
Symptoms develop early in life (often before five years of age) in cases of MEN B and the medullary thyroid cancer is much more aggressive and may develop in patients who are one year old.
Aggressive behavior is reactionary and impulsive behavior that often results in breaking household rules or the law; aggressive behavior is violent and unpredictable.
Children in all age groups learn that aggressive behavior is a powerful way to communicate their wishes or deal with their likes and dislikes.
Children between two and four years of age show aggressive outbursts such as temper tantrums and hurting others or damaging toys and furniture because they are frustrated.
Girls younger than six years of age who have aggressive styles toward their peers do not tend to continue being aggressive when they are older, and their earlier aggression does not correlate with adult competitiveness.
If children learn that being aggressive when frustrated is tolerated or gives them special treatment, the behavior is reinforced and may be repeated.
The most important step that parents can take with aggressive children is to set firm, consistent limits and be sure that everyone caring for the children acts in accord with the parents' rules and expectations.
With regard to the most common types of domestic pets, it is useful to note that biting and other aggressive behavior has different causes in dogs and cats.
There are several assessment or evaluation scales that veterinarians or animal trainers can use to score individual dogs and screen them for dominant or aggressive behavior.
In many cases, however, a qualified animal behaviorist can assess the reasons for a pet's biting or other aggressive behavior and suggest appropriate treatments.
Some describe the new school hip hop dancing as more "aggressive" and methodical in its movements, while also including such signature moves like krumping.
The original, native Rumba is extremely sexual, as it is danced very quickly with strong hip movements and a sexually aggressive persona for the man and a defensive nature for the woman.
It's easy to hop out of the shower and start combing wet locks vigorously, but keep in mind aggressive brushing on wet or damp hair will cause breakage and flyaway ends.
Regulations vary by state, and some lenders are more aggressive than others when initiating a foreclosure, so there is not an exact timetable that is followed in every circumstance.
If your children are frequently disrespectful, manipulative, and aggressive with each other, they may benefit from meeting with a trained family therapist.
If your cancer is not aggressive, your doctor may be able to suggest ways of fighting the cancer that will not inhibit your ability to reproduce.
If your cancer is aggressive and is found in areas of the reproductive system, you may have no other choice but to have those organs removed.
Because the ocean's wave action can be rough and aggressive, these shorts are made of nylon or polyester in order to dry quickly and withstand the rough treatment of the water.
As aggressive as the Snake one piece appears, is exactly how demure the Frenchie comes across (well, as demure as a monokini can get!).
With time, though, has come a bolder and more aggressive approach to style, and this fearlessness runs rampant on the runways and in the real world alike.
While many types of cancer are still an uphill battle when it comes to finding a cure, many more are beginning to see breakthroughs and utilizing new treatment plans to bring more aggressive options to those who need it most.
In turn, African American men, Chinese women and Native Americans feel that looking into someone's eyes is disrespectful and aggressive.
Fivestar recounts how she has "experienced this whole feeling of a room full of hot women who are attracted to each other and no one makes the first move," and also has met their counterparts, very forward and aggressive women.
During the s, GIA members noticed that cutting of diamonds had become more aggressive in response to the scale, so they revised it to include ratings for more flawed diamonds.
Honesty is the best policy with an Aries man, he will become annoyed with a partner that is resentful or passive aggressive.
Women with this placement can be very aggressive in matters of the heart, while men with this placement expect much in love, but may give little in return.
