
Her feet skidded out from under her and she spun around, clutching desperately to the limb, twisting into a sitting position and sliding until she was sitting before him.
At that point Jonathan came into the kitchen with Matthew holding on to one hand and Natalie clinging desperately to the hand on his short arm.
Rhyn slammed Tamer to the ground one last time, too incensed to notice his half-brother was trying desperately to tap out.
She smiled, honored he'd listen to a message that went against every part of who he was while desperately wishing she could be more assured about the outcomes she Saw.
Although he could influence them to willingly let him feed by merely making eye contact, he preferred to seduce his conquests to want him as desperately as he craved their blood.
It was all desperately close, and - more imps in any one of  matches would have been enough to qualify.
I desperately race around the classroom, arms flailing in clumsy attempts to grasp at adolescent screeches and high-pitched howls of derisive laughter.
Perhaps he had used all the vocabulary garnishing his poetry, desperately trying to scout back for some for starting a polite conversation.
About  anti-fascists waited out the lecture and Irving, donning a disguise, tried desperately for half an hour to leave without notice.
She had been turned out of her home in a northern town, after a quarrel with her parents, but was desperately homesick.
First she went to Ayr where in  Beechgrove visited a housing estate that desperately needed a garden to crown their community achievements.
I lie without moving, desperately wanting to put out a hand into the night to feel for the flashlight on my bedside locker.
He finds himself on a trail of danger and intrigue, desperately trying to fathom the mystery surrounding his beloved mistress, Lady Margaret.
I thought it was desperately funny, and was densely unconscious that there was any moral obliquity about such a publication.
I have only been married four years and have just given birth for the fifth time and it has made us desperately poor financially.
We in the US desperately need better data privacy protection or we will effectively not have any privacy protection or we will effectively not have any privacy at all.
Kellogg once hit a shuttlecock into the crowd in disbelief and Clark yelled desperately at - in the second game.
The people there so desperately poor, the children so undernourished it made you feel guilty to be so well fed.
I think it really put the willies up EDO who must now be desperately figuring out how to stop this happening again.
My improved angle made short work of the keystone and I was soon desperately shouting expletives above the now familiar sound of falling rocks.
At one moment, they are happily playing and the next moment it is clear that a nap is desperately needed.
I'm not a vet, but it does raise questions that the tapping was suggested by the vet, consented to by you and never carried out over two and a half hours on a desperately ill patient.
Whether you're a parent, educator or program organizer who desperately needs free or reduced-cost books for children, there are resources out there to help.
Soon you will have a new and fun way to kill time on the net -- and perhaps a temporary substitute for the real dog that you so desperately want.
As an aside, I will tell you that I have many friends who tattooed boyfriends/girlfriends names on their skin, and are desperately trying to remove it since they are no longer together.
Some will have even more fun with people who show they desperately want to be a part of the group.
Talking about your concerns in a nonjudgmental way can give your loved one the strength to get the help he/she desperately needs.
I play Charlotte, an albino koala bear, who desperately wants to leave her home and head for Hollywood to become a makeup artist, or to find any kind of glamorous Hollywood job assisting the stars.
Your stylist can show you coloring and styling options for how you can let your grey grow out, while not looking like you desperately need a touch-up!
Global Vision  has set up a way to get adjustable eyeglasses to some of those countries, and into the hands of people who desperately need them.
Most football video games leave some action offscreen, forcing gamers either to ignore or to throw desperately to outside receivers that can't even be seen.
There's this guy who appears to be the King of your Universe, and he desperately wants you to roll things up into giant balls.
If you have a book in an auction that several buyers want desperately the price of the book may go much higher than if there was less of a demand.
These products launched in stores in the late s and proved to be dreams come true for people with fine hair who desperately needed some thickness added.
While some styles are universally flattering for all hair types, others simply don't give thin hair the body and life it desperately needs.
Many women have experienced surfacing from the water with their bikini tops up around their necks, desperately trying to get them back where they belong, while strangers, especially teenage boys, point and laugh.
And yet, some women were still not quite satisfied and wished for even smaller bikinis that could give them the maximum exposure they so desperately sought.
According to Williams, drinking "green smoothies" provides his body with the blast of nutrition and energy it desperately needs to combat his health problems.
Any donation will help, and your support will help ensure that the J. smith Memorial Cancer Hospital will continue to be able to provide the care these women so desperately need.
With this donation, you will finance an entire day of cleanup and help us by desperately needed supplies, such as gloves and water test kits.
If you're interested in knowing how to make a guy like you, chances are, you have a crush that you desperately want attention from.
On the one hand, the signs associated with this element want to be treated with a certain level of importance, but they also desperately want to be treated in a very loving manner.
Needless games will not go over well, but a confident and entertaining woman will provide the liveliness that Virgo men so desperately need.
Without the earth, water would flow aimlessly through the world, but earth helps create boundaries and disciplines that water so desperately needs to give it form and shape.
On the one hand, you have a man who is on a quest for spiritual love and desperately wants to find his soul mate.
Manuel forces her to remain with him although Antonia who also lives in the country house is desperately in love with Maneul.
So many singers are trying desperately to sound more sexy…more suggestive, Cassie's vocals are full of innocence, even when her words are not, and it is this that makes her stand out.
At home, his wife is lying to him about being pregnant with his child and desperately looking to adopt a baby so that she never reveals this to him.
The women on the show vary from those who are already prominent within the New York Society scene and those who are desperately attempting to climb their way up the social ladder.
If you know someone who makes more fashion don'ts than fashion dos, apply for What Not to Wear and help him or her get the makeover so desperately needed.
When my teens escape a similar situation, they're stuck holing up in abandoned houses and desperately looking for someone they can turn to for help.
This heat is so arid and dry that it instantly causes the skin to respond, leaving behind parched, desperately dehydrated skin.
The teens years are a time when an individual desperately wants to fit in, and being marked by acne can create psychological scars as well as physical ones.
Part of her desperately tried to make excuses for Gabe.  Maybe he was fatigued or Death had done something to him.
General Baldissera advanced with a large body of reinforcements to avenge this defeat, but the Abyssinians, desperately short of supplies, had already retired, and beyond the peaceful relief of Adrigat no further operations took place.
Dean knew Cynthia desperately wanted to photograph the display but both knew time was a factor if they were to visit the mine before the Dawkinses were free of their legal meetings to make the trip themselves.
Katie couldn't help the bubble of happy laughter that escaped.  Death chuckled with her then motioned to the stairwell Toby was desperately trying to pull Katie towards.  They ran through the palace.  Katie trailed the angel until they reached a small chamber she would've mistaken as a janitor's closet on the top level.  Toby wrenched open the door and ducked into the dark room.  A portal glowed in the center.  Katie entered, overwhelmed by the thought of leaving.
With almost no lines, Williams creates a broken, desperately unhappy man out of a character it would be easy to simply despise.
Undeterred, Josh set about clawing back their lead and literally scythed down the opposition as he desperately tried to get to the front.
On those few really sweltering hot days in summer, what you need desperately is a portable air conditioning option from Iceboys !
If you're a Verizon customer and don't want to change, but desperately want to have an iPhone, you may find yourself holding your breath until at least  and the end of the exclusivity contract with AT&T.
Alex is most entertaining when featured shopping for clothes with her husband because this is when it becomes blatantly obvious that she wants very desperately to be seen as a socialite.
And it is interesting to observe how, e.g., St Augustine, though desperately combating the dualism of the Manichaeans, yet afterwards introduced a number of dualistic ideas into Christianity, which are distinguishable from those of Manichaeism only by a very keen eye, and even then with difficulty.
The crowd, crushing one another, upsetting carts, and shouting and squeezing desperately, had cleared off the bridge and the troops were now moving forward.
Consequently Ruffo was desperately anxious to come to terms with the Republicans for the evacuation of the castles, in spite of the queen's orders to make no terms with the rebels.
My heartless mind will not allow my aching body the sleep it so desperately craves and I wander this near-empty house throughout the night.
During the Civil War Franklin was the scene of a minor engagement on the th of April , and of a battle, celebrated as one of the most desperately fought of the war, which took place on the th of November .
They were quarreling and fighting desperately, each trying to snatch from the other a boot they were both holding on to.
When the Seven Days' battle began Porter's corps had to sustain alone the full weight of the Confederate attack, and though defeated in the desperately fought battle of Gaines's Mill (June , ) the steadiness of his defence was so conspicuous that he was immediately promoted major-general of volunteers and brevet origadiergeneral U.S.A. His corps, moreover, had the greatest share in the successful battles of Glendale and Malvern Hill.
The Othonians, though taken at a disadvantage, fought desperately, but were finally forced to fall back in disorder upon their camp at Bedriacum.
The Desert Column,  men, with  camels in poor condition and  horses, found the enemy in possession of Abu Klea wells on the th, and was desperately attacked on the th.
But the Indians fought desperately for their independence, and in  a general rising of the tribes ended in the defeat and death of Valdivia and in the destruction of most of his settlements.
His gestures were scanty, his voice was not powerful, but he was desperately in earnest, and he held his audience whether his sermon contained a picturesque and detailed description of the torments of the damned, or, as was often the case, spoke of the love and peace of God in the heart of man.
He needs desperately to know what happened to his sister and what he did that turned his own mother against him.
The Walachians resisted desperately, elected Radu, a kinsman of Neagoe, voivode, and succeeded with Hungarian help in defeating Mahmud Bey at Grumatz in .
I missed Betsy desperately and the idea of a couple of unexpected days with her was inviting, regardless of the reason.
She rubbed her face, certain the mistake would be clarified soon and she'd be released with an apology the size of a bottle of painkiller she desperately needed.
Not wanting to deal with him at all, she took the coffee out to the porch and left, even more irritated to see he wore the necklace she desperately needed to steal.
In  he took a conspicuous part in the desperately fought battle of Pea Ridge, which definitely secured Missouri for the Federals.
She screamed desperately and angrily and tried with her little hands to pull Pierre's hands away and to bite them with her slobbering mouth.
Julie wants desperately to come back east but Howie wants to talk to Martha and learn the truth before he leaves.
The Frank knights fought desperately, but were utterly defeated (th of April ); the count of Blois was slain, and the emperor captured.
