
The scent of the ocean was on the air, and the area in front of them was guarded by tourist police while tourists camped out in small tents up and down the road.
These guidebooks are lists of people who live in that area who would be willing to meet you for coffee.
He was in the area and the police took a good look at him from the information I have but there wasn't enough evidence to charge him.
He Traveled to the common area of the newbie barracks, where Bianca lay on her stomach across the couch in front of the TV.
They are not like cups between the hills; for this one, which is so unusually deep for its area, appears in a vertical section through its centre not deeper than a shallow plate.
The basement area was considerably larger than Quinn's small cabin lab-room, noticeably so with fewer plants and absent the desk.
One led to a closet, another to a bathroom and a third into a spacious living area, off which was another balcony.
But the inventors of our age have put a billion transistors on an area the size of a postage stamp.
This is a remarkable depth for so small an area; yet not an inch of it can be spared by the imagination.
Unless someone knew the area, they could pass within a hundred feet of it and not know it was there.
A store employee planted a hand in her chest when she tried to move into the secured area where Xander was.
It's an open bar, Gerry said and motioned to the far side of the open space marking the living area.
She scanned over the comfortable furniture and past the living room to a large kitchen and dining area before her gaze returned to the two forms seated on the balcony.
But the deepest ponds are not so deep in proportion to their area as most suppose, and, if drained, would not leave very remarkable valleys.
Feel free to indulge in a few cocktails because the restaurant has a free limousine and shuttle service that goes to and from hotels in the area.
The entire area was swarming with people in all manners of attire from combat ready armament to business suits to uniformed police.
She was in a car with one of Talon's men, her crumpled body at an awkward angle jammed in the small area between the backseat and the driver's seat.
The one-room shack was neat, with pallets on one side, a fire at its center, a small area to prepare food and crates lining one wall that acted both as storage and seating.
He exited out the sliding glass doors off the formal living area that led to the private beach behind the building.
It too, held the welcoming atmosphere of a hospital waiting room, with a living room, expansive kitchen, informal dining area and hallways leading off each side of the common areas.
In this connexion it is of interest to note that, both in the Mediterranean islands and in West Africa, dwarf elephants of the African type are accompanied by pigmy species of hippopotamus, although we have not yet evidence to show that in Africa the two animals occupy actually the same area.
This ocean, already diminished in area, retreated after Oligocene times from the Iranian plateau, Turkestan, Asia Minor and the region of the north-west Alps.
The "Mediterranean region," as a geographical unit, includes all this area; the Black Sea and the Sea of Marmora are within its submerged portion, and the climate of the whole is controlled by the oceanic influences of the Mediterranean Sea.
Thunder.-Trustworthy frequency statistics for an individual station are obtainable only from a long series of observations, while if means are taken from a large area places may be included which differ largely amongst themselves.
A third of the total area is covered with forests of pine and other trees, which have for the most part been made a forest-reserve by the national government.
The presbytery consists of all the ministers and a selection of the ruling elders from the congregations within a prescribed area.
An area of  acres is comprised in the city's parks, the largest of which are Prospect Park and Beman Park.
There are two piers enclosing a harbour with a total area of  acres, having a depth of about  ft.
The old ramparts and bastions (excluding the circuit of the citadel of , now in great part demolished, in the south-east) make an enceinte of about  m., but the enclosed area is not all occupied by streets and houses.
The area of the lake is shrinking owing to the progressive desiccation of the country, Saharan climate and conditions replacing those of the Sudan.
In the extreme west, which is as yet but slightly explored and settled, there is an extensive depressed area, largely saline in character, which drains into lakes and morasses, having no outlet to the ocean.
The Bebedero, in San Luis, and Porongos, in Cordoba, and others, are shallow, saline lakes which receive the drainage of a considerable area and have no outlet.
In the Andean provinces of Mendoza, San Juan, Catamarca and Rioja viticulture attracts much attention, and the area in vineyards in  was , acres, only % of which was outside the four provinces named.
The stage kitchen was dark, except for red candles around the counter area where he did the prep for whatever he was making.
For those who don't have a lot of time in the city, however, it may be difficult to see everything the area has to offer.
The best way to explore the area is to take a self-guided tour of the area, using the printable map available in the village's official website.
Hotel guest rooms are simple with no frills, but there is a pool and hot tub area for guest use.
Whether you have kids or not, you're certain to have a good time visiting any of the many entertaining restaurants located in the area.
With fish so fresh that it essentially goes from boat to plate, there's no surprise why this cuisine is so popular in the area.
The real draw is the seaside tavern experience, which is a great way to get the local flavor of the area and its inhabitants.
The restaurant was originally built as a houseboat, and as such, the outside dining area has the only deck seating available in the area.
Whether you're taking part in the water sports, hiking the area trails or soaking up the culture, when your appetite calls to your attention, the city provides many choices to satisfy every craving.
Ask for your deserts to go to enjoy as you stroll around the streets, or take up a seat in the back which offers a small comfortable sitting area.
The building the restaurant now occupies was once a printing press, so the ceilings are high and the dining area is bricked lined.
In addition to the main dining area, guests will appreciate a romantic dinner in a cozy side room, complete with linen-covered tables and dimmed lighting.
The main dining area comes complete with a cozy fireplace and plush sofas, making the restaurant perfect for casual gatherings.
In the summer, I can't wait ti try camping or a watercraft sport on one of the many lakes in the area.
The area is flourishing with a burgeoning artists community, and a plethora of cultural attractions that is constantly drawing in new residents.
Keep the kids' expectations low; although the young spirits can treat themselves to chicken fingers, burgers, fries and apple pies, there is no play area to entertain them.
We only managed four sessions; one to an uninhabited area, another in open farm land but one we thought was interesting.
The wall met another, and she quickened her step, scouring the area above her for some sign of a window.
With thousands of hiking and biking trails spread across national parks and forests, as well as state parks and wilderness area, the state may well be an outdoor recreational paradise.
If you're lucky you might even spy salmon swimming at the fish ladder, which has access to an underwater viewing area.
During the warmer months, visitors to the park can enjoy the pitch and putt golf course, tennis courts and lawn bowling area.
Houses in the area have been or are being renovated, but still are in keeping with their funky craftsman or bungalow style.
The nautical-themed dining area and the fine selection of seafood dishes is more than enough to get patrons to come back.
Whether rafting, camping, hiking, cycling or even taking a hot air balloon ride, visitors are bound to be captivated by the natural wonder of the area.
If you are looking for great cuisine, there are plenty of gourmet restaurants in the area to suit your culinary tastes.
Once you are done creating a culinary masterpiece, you will be invited to enjoy your meal in the cozy dining area.
Guests can take in the scenic beauty of the lakeside area or stroll through the historic streets of this railroad town.
The area is renowned for its outdoor activities, where residents can hike, run, bike, and camp on the beach and at several area parks.
After all of that healthy activity, you might want to forgo fatty meats and instead try out one of the vegan restaurants in the area.
While soaking in the natural amenities of the area, guests and residents can also sample tasty meals at some of the areas numerous seafood restaurants, which specialize in local and fresh seafood.
In the area, there are not too many restaurants directly on the lake, but there are a few notable ones in the more populated outskirts.
The building is reminiscent of the restored, historic homes in the area, and has a large fireplace in the dining room.
If you're camping in the area, the local restaurant has a take-out menu, and it also has kids menus for smaller portions.
There is a free breakfast buffet for guests, an outdoor pool with a picnic area, a video game room and on-site barbershop.
The restaurant offers booths, and has a bright, warm atmosphere built with sky lights, a fireplace and an outdoor garden area.
If you're in the area and are looking for a good place to eat, try the only Spanish restaurant in town.
Known as a canoeing and kayaking destination, the area also boasts plenty of back roads and forested trails perfect for biking, hiking and cross-country skiing adventures.
Known for its scenic views ideal for photographs, the inn features a candlelight dining area, monthly recipe specials and superior hospitality.
He was also listed as a person of interest in the deaths of at least six young women in the Missouri-Kentucky area.
Betsy remained down in the dumps over Martha's departure but per usual, she successfully researched the Internet and found directions to eight different camping parks in the area.
I asked where the house in question was located and was told it was several blocks away and this was a staging area.
She pocketed her list and trailed him to the area just beyond the patio, where the scent of hot dogs and s'mores greeted her long before she reached the small group circled around a bonfire.
Sofia stopped at the edge of the driveway, horrified by the bloodied and broken bodies spread across the expansive area in front of her.
The staging area was where the vamp remembered it being, tucked at the base of a mountain in a draw.
She reached a stairwell and descended to a floor with wider, taller corridors, as if she'd gone from the wing with private chambers to a more public area.
Death was a dark, towering, muscular figure in the living area of her apartment, clothed in black and wearing an expression that mirrored what she felt.
Or why they were here in the first place, as they expressed zero interest in the beauty of the area; Ouray's main attraction.
They had compared Martha's drawing to the contour maps of the area back at Bird Song and decided this was as close to the general area of the mine that any type of roadway touched.
The auction continued in full swing, the outdoor area crowded with bargain seekers, their acquired spoils piled high about them.
When they approached the area known as The Drinking Cup, the road narrowed and barely clung to the rock wall, a breath-gulping overhang hundreds of feet above the river.
Time was when this area's families spent their lives here, from birth to death with the soil providing their sustenance and the earth the riches, at least for a few.
Lydia walked away from him, down the path to the beginning of the trail that led back to an area known as the Big Blue Wilderness.
They soon reached an area where the street was sectioned off, and a line of white-topped tents lined the street.
When his warm lips pressed against the soft area behind her ear, she abandoned the knife and turned around, expecting to see a twinkle in his eyes and a smile on his lips.
After explaining the situation and giving her address, she turned down the road toward the nearest public area – a service station  miles away.
In fact, the entire design of the living area was more open and roomy than the new log home where they now lived.
The man standing in the weedy area of the lot was tall and thick, dressed in a trench coat, black clothing and heavy boots.
Deidre looked at him hard for a moment then shook her head and gripped her wine, padding into the living area.
The fingers around her mouth and neck maneuvered her head to the side until her ear was near her shoulder to expose the delicate area before both fell away.
Too surprised to understand what exactly was happening, she obeyed the police officer's instructions to sit down and shut up and sat in the quiet police station reception area.
The woman and boy left while she filled out the paperwork and then set it on a counter of what looked like an abandoned reception area.
She'd been too flustered to pay attention to the trip to the police station and looked around, not recognizing the area.
With a sigh, she cleaned up the area as well as she could and pulled off the sweater, as it was warm enough in the study with her T-shirt.
His multimillionaire father's picture was on the wall, and he owned two dozen restaurants in the Annapolis area, including this one.
There were two beds in the room and a single bathroom off to one side along with a small living area.
The hallway led into an open area with one car in the large parking lot and a medieval stone wall and turrets surrounding the entire hacienda.
They crossed through a common area with a kitchenette and large, flat-screen TV, past a gym, a library, and a few other common rooms, and into the barracks area, which bustled with activity.
The courtyard bordered a small grassy park off which several trails ran from the grassy area into the still dark woods.
She was pacing the hall in front of the dining area when Hannah emerged a short time later carrying a large tote.
She looked around the area where his desk had been and spotted a perfume bottle similar to the one he'd give her before.
The barracks area was heavily guarded, but she was struck by the lack of activity in the part of the castle that normally hummed with life.
It took me some time to convince Mr. Hardy you were the best painter in the area for his Cannery Row project.
He turned on his heel as soon as she appeared and strode toward the small area beneath a tree where spacecraft traditionally hovered to release their occupants.
She wore those half-stockings that were supposed to be hidden by something far longer than what covered her pudgy legs, which were streaked with the stark blue of veins looking like a map of a very congested and curvy area.
Here was nestled the town site of Ironton, a bustling community in the last-century days when silver and gold ruled the area.
The couple drove over the narrow wooden bridge that spanned Red Mountain Creek, and joined two other cars in the small parking area.
As the group pulled into the parking lot at Mountain Village, the upper portion of the ski area, Donnie began to look nervous for the first time.
The foursome rode the gondola the short distance down from the parking area to the central village complex, with Donnie looking down, wide-eyed from the swinging car.
While Dean had wandered up to the area with Cynthia's son Randy on a few occasions, she had steadfastly stayed away.
At Ryland's urging they crossed the bridge past the area where the main activities of the ice festival were being assembled for the weekend.
Much of the climbing activity was taking place in an area called The Schoolroom, with various routes classified and given names— Verminator, Duncan's Delight and Bloody Sunday.
I think aught will come of their rantings as the miners swear they'll flee the area for a more obliging locale if such nonsense were to happen.
It was a signature day in Ouray, better than the best of the area's finest painted or photographed images with the sky so blue, the pines so green and the snow so white, you couldn't paint truer colors with an art store's inventory.
I could tell something happened because everyone was running up to the area but Donnie was just skipping down the trail.
It consisted of a restaurant area, a large serpentine shaped bar and another room off to the side with two pool tables and a jukebox.
He wondered if other werewolves lived in the area, however, if he called her and there weren't any close enough to help, she would be upset needlessly.
Each trip up the side of the mountain grew harder as chaos erupted along the East Coast and drove refugees through Brady's area of operation.
The area beyond the gates and inspections was quiet, with men and women dressed in government uniforms touring the compound like it was any other day and not possibly the last day of the world.
He strapped on his weapons and strode into the storage area, looking with admiration at the boxes of medical supplies.
It resembled a studio apartment with a real bed and dresser, a restroom cordoned off by opaque curtains in one corner, a small study where he kept his war docs, a kitchenette, rugs, and a small living area.
His back was to the living area as he pulled off every one of the dozen weapons he wore on his body and lined them up in front of him to start cleaning.
The suite was small and comfortable with a small living area, utility area with lockers, and a door leading to a bedroom with its own bathroom.
Brady walked the area between the double walls, looking for anything or anyone in a large enough piece to provide clues as to what was going on.
Lights from lasers and muzzle fire spotted the forest below them before they reached an urban area, mostly dark with several patches of electricity.
Few people were out in the streets, but the front office area of the building held several women who had turned it into a living room.
Demons didn't eat human food, and the storage area was virtually untouched.  Rhyn grabbed several cans and packages of foodstuffs then left.
Ethel was an attorney who specialized in making money, so she never crossed paths with Dean's area of the law.
The area was nearly empty except for crying gulls, a man running with his dog, and an elderly lady propped up in a half chair read­ing.
Dean had allowed what he thought was plenty of time for the flight but the rental car area was slow and the entire airport was crowded with storm-delayed trav­elers.
A family out fishing had the catch of the day, in the same general area where Billie had bobbed to light.
Dean introduced Fred O'Connor, who was taking it all in, and the three chatted in a quieter area at the far end of the hall, away from the worst of the mayhem.
Mesa Verde National Park, the most popular of these spec­tacular ruins, was but one of thousands in the area where the bik­ers camped.
Once he saw the area, he knew he'd made a mistake in not accept­ing her offer and staying longer.
The camping area was a riot of color, with thousands of bodies wrapped in every tone and shade of tight-fitting Lycra, each an individual fashion statement on a rock-hard frame.
There's a big bulletin board down by the information area where everyone's supposed to check for messages if they're looking for someone.
There were numerous other tents in the area, many occupied and others with campers sitting outside enjoying the setting sun.
A large Oak tree had fallen across the creek in a narrow deep area, trapping debris in front of it to form a natural dam.
Alex had nursed them back to health and released them in the area where the goats had been kept when she owned the dairy.
The area where the goats had been provided good grazing, but he was concerned about the wild dog problem she had experienced in the past.
She peeked from his bathroom into the largest bedroom suite in the mansion then stepped into the area serving as a living room and study.
The area was free of Others now, but so many had come and gone from here, he knew it was something special.
The open floor plan ran from the living area through a kitchen to a formal dining room area that had been converted into an office on the other side.
Jenn waited for the ground to stop rumbling before she stepped forward uneasily, gaze on the area where the portal was.
He turned and exited the cage, toward the torch-lit area beyond the wooden rows packed with people on either side of the arena.
A lot of people from the Huston area have reason to know the Medena's – some even have reason to dislike them.
She went to a farm supply store and purchased enough supplies to fence in a large area in the south part of their land.
The money was what she had set aside for the business and the fenced area would become another route for tours.
Alex rounded the corner of the barn and addressed the man working on the area where the gate was going to be.
Keaton pulled the car off the road into a grassy parking area beside the creek and shut off the engine.
About % of holdings (amounting to about o% of the cultivated area) are cultivated by the proprietor; of the rest approximately % are let on lease and % are worked on the system known as mtayage (q.v.).
The average area occupied by it in the years from  to  was ,, acres, the total average production being ,, cwt.
It should be noted that the figures for area and population are, as a rule, only estimates, but in most instances they probably approximate closely to accuracy.
The latter, which covers an area of about moo acres, has at the present time a fairly uniform surface and slopes gradually from the north to the south and east.
The limited knowledge which we possess of the original features of the ground within the area of the city makes a reconstruction of the topographical history of the latter a difficult task; and, as a natural result, many irreconcilable theories have been suggested.
He doubled the area of the enclosure round the Temple, and there can be little doubt that a great part of the walls of the Haram area date from the time of Herod, while probably the tower of David, which still exists near the Jaffa Gate, is on the same foundation as one of the towers adjoining his palace.
The edge of the abysmal area comes close to the eastern coasts of Tasmania and New South Wales, approaching to within  m.
Another notable feature of the interior is the so-called lake area, a district stretching to the north of Spencer Gulf.
The Cretaceous period was initiated by the subsidence of a large area to the south of the Gulf of Carpentaria, whereby a Lower Cretaceous sea spread southward, across western Queensland, western New South Wales and the north-eastern districts of South Australia.
From an area corresponding to what is now South America there entered a fauna and flora, which, after undergoing modification, passed by way of Tasmania to Australia.
At the close of  the area devoted to tillage was ,, acres, the area utilized for the production of breadstuffs being ,, acres or over two-thirds of the whole extent of cultivation.
The first important discovery was made in , when gold was found in the Kimberley district; but it was not until a few years later that this rich and extensive area was developed.
It has been ascertained from recent explorations that the area of carboniferous formation in that state extends from the Irwin northwards to the Gascoyne river, about  m., and probably all the way to the Kimberley district.
The determination is then gazetted, and it becomes operative over a specified area, which varies in different cases, on a date fixed by the board.
A large working population is employed in the Royal Arsenal, which occupies a large area on the river-bank, and includes the Royal Gun Factory, Royal Carriage Department, Royal Laboratory and Building Works Department.
Here we are concerned only with their earlier history, which is put for convenience under this heading in order to separate the account of the period when they formed practically a single area for historical purposes from that of the time when Holland and Belgium became distinct administrative units.
The total area under cotton in , including that grown in Khiva and Bukhara, was ,, acres, yielding about ,, poods or , tons of raw cotton.
On the formation of the Wirth ministry in May  he was appointed Minister of Reconstruction, and in that capacity negotiated with the French minister, Loucheur, a convention for supplying German materials for the restoration of the devastated area in France, and thus paying in kind part of the reparation which the German Reich had undertaken to pay in gold.
As stream tin it occurs abundantly in some of the alluvial deposits derived from the crystalline area, especially on the west coast.
The mean depth over this ridge is about  fathoms, and the maximum depth nowhere reaches  fathoms. The main basin of the Atlantic is thus cut off from the Arctic basin, with which the area north of the ridge has complete deep-water communication.
The greater part of the bottom of the Atlantic is covered by a deposit of Globigerina ooze, roughly the area between l and  fathoms, or about % of the whole.
On the polar side of the high-pressure area a west wind drift is under the control of the " roaring forties," and on reaching South Africa part of this is deflected and sent northwards along the west coast as the cold Benguella current which rejoins the equatorial.
With this " free " wave is combined a " forced " wave, generated, by the direct action of the sun and moon, within the Atlantic area itself.
Damme, although long neglected, preserves some remains of its former prosperity, thanks to its remoteness from the area of international strife in the Low Countries.
A definite area was bound to find a bowman together with his linked pikeman (who bore the shield for both) and to furnish them with supplies for the campaign.
The wire may have at the upper end a plate called a " capacity area," electrically equivalent to an extension of the wire, or part of the wire may be bent over and carried horizontally.
When the subscribers in a local area exceed a certain number, or when for some other reason it is not convenient or economical to connect all the subscribers in the area to one exchange, it is usual to divide the area into a number of districts in each of which an exchange is placed, and to connect these district exchanges together by means of " junction circuits."
A system of wires, similar to that which connects the district exchanges in an area, links together the various local areas in the territory, and sometimes the territory of one administration with that of another.
These inter-area or long-distance lines, called trunk circuits in England, terminate at one exchange in each local area, and between that exchange and the various district exchanges junction circuits are provided for the purpose of connecting subscribers to the trunk lines.
The Postmaster-General also agreed to lay underground wires for the company at an annual rental of L per mile of double wire in any local area in which the company was operating, but not in areas in which the municipalities had established exchanges.
The average cost of constructing an exchange circuit in the metropolitan area (including the installation of telephone instruments and of exchange apparatus, but excluding the provision of spare plant) has been £.
Accurate statistics with regard to the area occupied in different forms of cultivation are difficult to obtain, both on account of their varied and piecemeal character and from the lack of a complete cadastral survey.
The cultivated area may be divided into five agrarian regions or zones, named after the variety of tree culture which flourishes in them.
The P valley and the valleys of Emilia and the Romagna are best adapted for rice, but the area is diminishing on account of the competition of foreign rice and of the impoverishment of the soil by too intense cultivation.
The area under rye is about .% of the total, of which about two-thirds lie in the Alpine and about one-third in the Apennine zone.
The barley zone is geographicall xtensive but embraces not more than % of the total area, of whic raif is situated in Sardinia and Sicily.
The vine is cultivated throughout the length and breadth of Italy, but while in some of the districts of the south and centre it occupies from  to % of the cultivated area, in some of the northern provinces, such as Sondrio, Belluno, Grosseto, &c., the average is only about I or % The methods of cultivation are varied; but the planting of the vines by themselves in long rows of insignificant bushes is the exception.
The area cultivated as vineyards has increased enormously, from about ,, acres to ,, acres, or about % of the total area of the country.
The olive-growing area occupies about .% of the total area of the country, and the crop in  produced about ,, gallons of oil.
Sicily is the chief centre of cultivationthe area occupied by lemon and orange orchards in the province of Palermo alone having increased from ff acres in  to , in .
Lombardy and Piedmont are much better provided with railways in proportion to their area than any other parts of Italy; next come Venetia, Emilia and the immediate environs of Naples.
Except, therefore, for a very small and apparently isolated area in the north of Latium and south of Etruria, all the tribes of Italy, though their idioms differed in certain particulars, are left undiscriminated.
Latin will be counted the language of the earlier plebeian stratum of the population of Rome and Latium, probably once spread over a large area of the peninsula, and akin in sijme degree to the language or languages spoken in north Italy before either the Etruscan or the Gallic invasions began.
The corn duty was reduced to meet the emergency, but the disturbed area extended to Naples, Foggia, Ban, MinervinoRiots of Murge, Molfetta and thence along the line of railway .
The poplars are almost entirely confined to the north temperate zone, but a few approach or even pass its northern limit, and they are widely distributed within that area; they show, like the willows, a partiality for moist ground and often line the river-sides in otherwise treeless districts.
The structure formed by a number of such cells placed end to end is called a sieve-tube (obviously comparable with a xylem-vessel), and the end-wall or area of endwall occupied by a group of perforations, a sseve-plate.
This power of varying the area of the apertures by which gases enter the internal reservoirs is not advantageous to the gaseous interchangesindeed it may be directly the reverse.
The extent of the area affected and of the variation in the turgor depends upon many circumstances, but we have no doubt that in the process of modifying its own permeability by some molecular change we have the counterpart of muscular contractibility.
White or grey spots may be due to Peronospora, Erysiphe, Cystopus, Entyloma and other Fungi, the mycelium of which will be detected in the discoloured area; or they may be scale insects, or the results of punctures by Red-spider, &c. Yellow spots, and especially bright orange spots, commonly indicate Rust Fungi or other Uredineae; but Phyllosticta, Exoascus, Clasterosporium, Synchytrium, &c., also induce similar symptoms. Certain Aphides, Red-spider, Phylloxera and other insects also betray their presence by such spots.
If a piece of bark and cortex are torn off, the occlusion takes longer, because the tissues have to creep over the exposed area of wood; and the same is true of a transverse cut severing the branch, as may be seen in any properly pruned tree.
Aphidesand may be easily penetrated by certain Fungi such as Peziza, Nectria; and when thus attacked, the repeated conflicts between the cambium and callus, on the one hand, trying to heal over the wound, and the insect or Fungus, on the other, destroying the new tissues as they are formed, results in irregular growths; the still uninjured cambium area goes on thickening the branch, the dead parts, of course, remain unthickened, and the portion in which the Fungus is at work may for the time being grow more rapidly.
Root-hairs give an enlarged superficial area to the roots of plants, and thus are related to the procuring of water.
Kronfeld has shown that aconites are dependent for this on the visits of a Bombus and cannot exist outside the area where it occurs.
In the southern hemisphere the Palaeozoic flora appears ultimately to have been profoundly modified by a lowering of temperature and the existence of glacial conditions over a wide area.
It was replaced by the Glossopteris flora which is assumed to have originated in a vast continental area (Gondwana land), of which remnants remain in South America, South Africa and Australia.
Even so small an area as that of Britain illustrates what has already been pointed out, that the species of a flora change both with latitude and altitude.
The Intermediate sub-region comprises the vegetation of the large area occupied by the steppes of the Old World, the prairies of the new and the forest region of both.
Broadly speaking, the American portion of the sub-region consists of an Atlantic and Pacific forest area and an intervening non-forest one, partly occupied by the Rocky Mountains, partly by intervening plains.
All these are wanting in the Pacific area, though there are indications in its gold-bearing gravels that it once possessed them.
And we now know that, excluding the southern tropical area, it has the same character throughout the whole of China proper.
