
Sentences
Boot camps for troubled teens use military exercises, rigorous physical training and discipline to break defiant adolescents of their bad behavior.
First impressions New York City, scarred yet defiant, is the starting point for many British visitors to the East Coast.
In that year, in consequence of determined slave-raiding and the defiant misrule of the emir, a British expedition was sent against the capital, which submitted without fighting.
Defiant behavior Parents going through a divorce often take a lot of time to work on their own problems and don't pay as much attention to their children.
Boot camps for troubled teens are facilities that use strict military lifestyles as means of disciplining adolescents who are defiant or out of control.
The reason why peer pressure is such a problem is that defiant people want others to join them to take some of the pressure off.
Sometimes a third party can help a teenager learn ways to cope with stress in better ways than being defiant.
Professional therapy sessions can help a parent just as much as a defiant teenager, so seek help for yourself as well as your teen.
In many studies, teens were less likely to return to their defiant ways when they returned home, and they had safer, healthier and more positive relationships with friends and family.
Oppositional defiant disorder (ODD), a relatively new clinical classification, involves an ongoing pattern of antagonistic, defiant, and hostile behavior toward parents and other authority figures.
Psychiatrists consider truancy one of many symptoms of oppositional defiant disorder or the more serious diagnosis of conduct disorder, especially when truancy begins before age .
To give another example, such temperamental traits as irritability and strong negative reactivity are thought to contribute to the development of oppositional defiant disorder in some children.
Parents of a child with a serious behavior disorder like oppositional defiant disorder should work with their child's therapist to deal with encopresis in the context of other behavioral problems.
Some fans didn't care for the change, but the introduction to a small craft named the Defiant breathed life into the series for fans who wanted more space adventure.
These disputes involved questions of principle which had long occupied Henry's attention, and Becket's defiant attitude was answered by the famous Constitutions of Clarendon, in which the king defined, professedly according to ancient use and custom, the relations of Church and State.
Rhyn snorted at her defiant stance and Kris.s respectful bow and leaned down to grab the rope binding Jade.s ankles.
He had with him four regiments of regulars, the initial force with which to overawe the restless and defiant population in his vicinity.
His "Wrestlers" () and "Fan and Dagger" (; a defiant Spanish woman) are in the Luxembourg, and other pictures of importance are "The Beheading of St John the Baptist" (), "The Sphinx" (), "Acis and Galatea" (), "Old Woman and Child" () and "In the Bull Slaughter-House."
It also becomes "uncool" to be friends with your parents and instead bond with other teens and be defiant, even if that means causing trouble and engaging in risky or illegal behavior.
I knew rape was power to the perpetrator so I vowed to be firm and possibly defiant, and not display fear.
Not only were numbers of his own people wantonly slain (Cetywayo returning defiant messages to the governor of Natal when remonstrated with), and the military system of Chaka and Dingaan strengthened, but he had a feud with the Transvaal Boers as to the possession of the territory between the Buffalo and Pongola rivers, and encouraged the chief Sikukuni (Secocoeni) in his struggle against the Boers.
Oppositional defiant disorder-An emotional and behavioral disorder of children and adolescents characterized by hostile, deliberately argumentative, and defiant behavior towards authority figures that lasts for longer than six months.
Ask direct questions about how the camp administration deals with campers who are unmotivated, defiant or who act out inappropriately.
Upon the ruins of the central administration temporary authorities were founded in various isolated localities, limited in area but none the less defiant of the government.
Cetywayo (who now found no defender in Natal save Bishop Colenso) was in a defiant humour, and permitted outrages by Zulu both on the Transvaal and Natal borders.
By his condemnation of Gallicanism () Paul angered France, and provoked the defiant declaration of the states general of  that the king held his crown from God alone.
A series of his most defiant oppdnents had to go into banishment, Liberius of Rome, Hilarius of Poitiers and Hosius of Corduba, the last-named once the confidant of Constantine and the actual originator of the Ho y nousios, and now nearly a hundred years old.
Frontenac, bold and fearless, sent a defiant answer to the hostile admiral, and handled so vigorously the forces he had collected as completely to repulse the enemy, who in their hasty retreat left behind a few pieces of artillery on the Beauport shore.
The outlook for the papacy was dark; Portugal was talking of a patriarchate; France held Avignon; Naples held Ponte Corvo and Benevento; Spain was ill-affected; Parma, defiant; Venice, aggressive; Poland meditating a restriction of the rights of the nuncio.
At the end of ten days, should he remain obdurate, the offer of Syria and Acre would be withdrawn; and if at the end of another ten days he was still defiant, the sultan would hold himself at liberty to withdraw the whole offer and to take such measures as his own interests and the counsels of his allies might suggest to him.
Towards the end of June the chief of the Jaalin tribe, Abdalla wad Said, who occupied Metemma, angered by the khalifa, made his submission to Kitchener and asked for support, at the same time foolishly sending a defiant letter to the khalifa.
The first few days of his reign - when he paid his uncle's debts, administered justice in person, and proclaimed universal religious toleration - gave bright promise, but in the face of the lawless aristocracy and defiant governors of provinces he effected few subsequent reforms. The most important event of his reign was the invasion of Italy by the Lombards, who, entering in , under Alboin, in a few years made themselves masters of nearly the entire country.
